title: No-Bake Nut Cookies instructions: In a heavy 2-quart saucepan, mix brown sugar, nuts, evaporated milk and butter or margarine. Stir over medium heat until mixture bubbles all over top. Boil and stir 5 minutes more. Take off heat. Stir in vanilla and cereal; mix well. Using 2 teaspoons, drop and shape into 30 clusters on wax paper. Let stand until firm, about 30 minutes.
title: Jewell Ball'S Chicken instructions: Place chipped beef on bottom of baking dish. Place chicken on top of beef. Mix soup and cream together; pour over chicken. Bake, uncovered, at 275° for 3 hours.
title: Creamy Corn instructions: In a slow cooker, combine all ingredients. Cover and cook on low for 4 hours or until heated through and cheese is melted. Stir well before serving. Yields 6 servings.
title: Chicken Funny instructions: Boil and debone chicken. Put bite size pieces in average size square casserole dish. Pour gravy and cream of mushroom soup over chicken; level. Make stuffing according to instructions on box (do not make too moist). Put stuffing on top of chicken and gravy; level. Sprinkle shredded cheese on top and bake at 350° for approximately 20 minutes or until golden and bubbly.
title: Reeses Cups(Candy)   instructions: Combine first four ingredients and press in 13 x 9-inch ungreased pan. Melt chocolate chips and spread over mixture. Refrigerate for about 20 minutes and cut into pieces before chocolate gets hard. Keep in refrigerator.
title: Cheeseburger Potato Soup instructions: Wash potatoes; prick several times with a fork. Microwave them with a wet paper towel covering the potatoes on high for 6-8 minutes. The potatoes should be soft, ready to eat. Let them cool enough to handle. Cut in half lengthwise; scoop out pulp and reserve. Discard shells. Brown ground beef until done. Drain any grease from the meat. Set aside when done. Meat will be added later. Melt butter in a large kettle over low heat; add flour, stirring until smooth. Cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Gradually add milk; cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened and bubbly. Stir in potato, ground beef, salt, pepper, 1 cup of cheese, 2 tablespoons of green onion and 1/2 cup of bacon. Cook until heated (do not boil). Stir in sour cream if desired; cook until heated (do not boil). Sprinkle with remaining cheese, bacon and green onions.
title: Rhubarb Coffee Cake instructions: Cream sugar and butter. Add egg and beat well. To creamed butter, sugar and egg, add alternately buttermilk with mixture of flour, salt and soda. Mix well. Add rhubarb and vanilla. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch pan and add Topping.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Mix together both cans of corn, crackers, egg, 2 teaspoons of melted butter and pepper and place in a buttered baking dish. Dot with remaining 4 teaspoons of butter. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Nolan'S Pepper Steak instructions: Roll steak strips in flour. Brown in skillet. Salt and pepper. Combine tomato liquid, water, onions and browned steak. Cover and simmer for one and a quarter hours. Uncover and stir in Worcestershire sauce. Add tomatoes, green peppers and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve over hot cooked rice.
title: Millionaire Pie instructions: Empty Cool Whip into a bowl. Drain juice from pineapple. Mix Cool Whip and pineapple. Add condensed milk. Squeeze lemons, remove seeds and add to Cool Whip and pineapple. Chop nuts into small pieces and add to mixture. Stir all ingredients together and mix well. Pour into a graham cracker crust. Use top from crust to cover top of pie. Chill overnight. Makes 2 pies.
title: Double Cherry Delight instructions: Drain cherries, measuring syrup. Cut cherries in half. Add ginger ale and enough water to syrup to make 1 1/2 cups. Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Add measured liquid and almond extract. Chill until very thick. Fold in marshmallows and the cherries. Spoon into 6-cup mold. Chill until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight. Unmold. Makes about 5 1/3 cups.
title: Buckeye Candy instructions: Mix sugar, butter and peanut butter. Roll into balls and place on cookie sheet. Set in freezer for at least 30 minutes. Melt chocolate chips and paraffin in double boiler. Using a toothpick, dip balls 3/4 of way into chocolate chip and paraffin mixture to make them look like buckeyes.
title: Quick Barbecue Wings instructions: Clean wings. Flour and fry until done. Place fried chicken wings in microwave bowl. Stir in barbecue sauce. Microwave on High (stir once) for 4 minutes.
title: Taco Salad Chip Dip instructions: Mix taco sauce, sour cream and cream cheese. Spread on pizza pan. Brown meat. Drain off fat and add taco seasoning. Spread over cream mixture. Layer with raw vegetables. Top with cheese. Serve with chips.
title: Pink Stuff(Frozen Dessert)   instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Freeze until firm. Allow to set out approximately 15 minutes before serving.
title: Fresh Strawberry Pie instructions: Mix water, cornstarch, sugar and salt in saucepan. Stir constantly and boil until thick and clear. Remove from heat and stir in jello. Set aside to cool. But don't allow it to set. Layer strawberries in baked crust. Pour cooled glaze over. Continue layering berries and glaze. Refrigerate. Serve with whipped cream.
title: Easy German Chocolate Cake instructions: Mix according to directions and add oil. Bake in 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Broccoli Salad instructions: Trim off large leaves of broccoli and remove the tough ends of lower stalks. Wash the broccoli thoroughly. Cut the florets and stems into bite-size pieces. Place in a large bowl. Add bacon, onions and raisins. Combine remaining ingredients, stirring well. Add dressing to broccoli mixture and toss gently. Cover and refrigerate 2 to 3 hours. Makes about 6 servings.
title: Strawberry Whatever instructions: Mix Jell-O in boiling water. Add strawberries, pineapple, crushed bananas and nuts. Spread 1/2 mixture in 13 x 6 1/2-inch pan. Allow to gel in freezer 30 minutes. Add layer of sour cream, then remaining mixture on top. Gel and serve.
title: Eggless Milkless Applesauce Cake instructions: Mix Crisco with applesauce, nuts and raisins. Sift dry ingredients and add. Mix well. Put in a greased and floured loaf pan or tube pan. Bake in loaf pan at 350° to 375° for 45 to 60 minutes, layer pan at 375° for 20 minutes or tube pan at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Grandma Hanrath'S Banana Breadfort Collins, Colorado   instructions: Cream sugar and shortening. Add eggs, salt and soda, then bananas and flour. Add nuts. Mix well. Bake in loaf pan at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Chocolate Frango Mints instructions: Mix ingredients together for 5 minutes. Scrape bowl often. Last fold in chocolate chip mints. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until done (cake mix directions).
title: Cuddy Farms Marinated Turkey instructions: Buy whole turkey breast; remove all skin and bones. Cut into pieces about the size of your hand. Pour marinade over turkey and refrigerate for at least 8 hours (up to 48 hours). The longer it marinates, the less cooking time it takes.
title: Spaghetti Sauce To Can instructions: Cook ground or chopped peppers and onions in oil for 1/2 hour. Cook tomatoes and garlic as for juice. Put through the mill. (I use a food processor and do my tomatoes uncooked. I then add the garlic right to the juice.) Add peppers and onions to juice and remainder of ingredients. Cook approximately 1 hour. Put in jars and seal. Yields 7 quarts.
title: Prize-Winning Meat Loaf instructions: Mix well. Press firmly into an 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2-inch loaf pan. Bake in preheated moderate oven. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Let stand 5 minutes before slicing. Makes 8 servings.
title: Smothered Round Steak(Servings: 4)   instructions: Alex Patout says, "Smothering is a multipurpose Cajun technique that works wonders with everything from game to snap beans. It's similar to what the rest of the world knows as braising. The ingredients are briefly browned or sauteed, then cooked with a little liquid over a low heat for a long time."
title: Corral Barbecued Beef Steak Strips instructions: Brown strips in cooking oil. Pour off drippings. Combine tomato sauce, water, brown sugar, mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Add sauce and onion to meat slices. Cover and cook slowly, stirring occasionally 30 minutes or until meat is tender. Serve over rice or buttered noodles. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Easy Fudge instructions: Butter a square pan, 8 x 8 x 2-inches. Heat milk, chocolate chips and unsweetened chocolate over low heat, stirring constantly, until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in nuts and vanilla. Spread in pan.
title: Taco-Filled Green Pepper instructions: In a large skillet, brown the ground beef. Drain, stir in taco mix, kidney beans, and salsa. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and let simmer for about 5 minutes. Cut peppers in half and clean it. Put peppers in boiling water for 3 minutes- drain- spoon the meat mixture into the green pepper. Put pepper in an ungreased pan. Cover, and bake at 350 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes or until peppers are crispy and filling is heated through. Top with tomatoes, cheese, and sour cream.
title: One Hour Rolls instructions: Put flour into a large mixing bowl. Combine sugar, milk, salt and oil in a saucepan and heat to boiling; remove from heat and let cool to lukewarm. Add yeast and mix well. Pour into flour and stir. Batter will be sticky. Roll out batter on a floured board and cut with biscuit cutter. Lightly brush tops with melted oleo and fold over. Place rolls on a cookie sheet, put in a warm place and let rise for 1 hour. Bake at 350° for about 20 minutes. Yield: 2 1/2 dozen.
title: Punch Bowl Fruit Salad instructions: In a 6-quart punch bowl mix all of the cans of fruit, juice and all. Clean and slice berries. Wash and slice apples; leave peeling on apples. Dice apples. Slice bananas. Wash and cut grapes in half. Mix all together. Nuts or other fruit may be added.
title: Summer Chicken instructions: Double recipe for more chicken.
title: Cherry Pizza instructions: Grease a 9 x 12-inch cake pan. Spread cherry pie mix. Sift cake mix and spread it dry over the cherries. Top with ground nuts. Melt butter and pour over top. Bake 45 minutes in a 350° oven.
title: Potato And Cheese Pie instructions: Beat eggs, salt and pepper until well blended. Stir in half and half, potatoes and onions. Pour into well-greased 8-inch baking dish. Bake in a 400° oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until knife inserted in center comes out clean and potatoes are tender. Cool on rack 5 minutes; cut into squares. Makes 4 large servings.
title: Tuna Macaroni Casserole instructions: Prepare macaroni and cheese as directed. Add drained tuna, pimento and onion. Mix. Serve hot or cold.
title: Artichoke Dip instructions: Drain artichokes and chop. Mix with mayonnaise and Parmesan cheese. After well mixed, bake, uncovered, for 20 to 30 minutes at 350°. Serve with crackers.
title: Broccoli Dip For Crackers instructions: Mix together sour cream, soup mix, broccoli and half of cheese. Sprinkle remaining cheese on top. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes, uncovered. Serve hot with vegetable crackers.
title: Summer Spaghetti instructions: Prepare spaghetti per package. Drain. Melt a little butter through it. Marinate overnight in Salad Supreme and Zesty Italian dressing. Just before serving, add cucumbers, tomatoes, green peppers, mushrooms, olives or whatever your taste may want.
title: Pear-Lime Salad instructions: Drain pears, reserving juice. Bring juice to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Add gelatin, stirring until dissolved. Let cool slightly. Coarsely chop pear halves. Combine cream cheese and yogurt; beat at medium speed of electric mixer until smooth. Add gelatin and beat well. Stir in pears. Pour into an oiled 4-cup mold or Pyrex dish. Chill.
title: Watermelon Rind Pickles instructions: Trim off green and pink parts of watermelon rind; cut to 1-inch cubes. Parboil until tender, but not soft. Drain. Combine sugar, vinegar, oil of cloves and oil of cinnamon; bring to boiling and pour over rind. Let stand overnight. In the morning, drain off syrup. Heat and put over rind. The third morning, heat rind and syrup; seal in hot, sterilized jars. Makes 8 pints. (Oil of cinnamon and clove keeps rind clear and transparent.)
title: Chicken Stew instructions: Remove chicken from bone. Use the broth. Mix the vegetables and macaroni. Add sugar, salt and black pepper. Cook until all vegetables are tender over medium heat.
title: Quick Coffee Cake(6 Servings)   instructions: Mix 3 tablespoons fat with granulated sugar. Add egg and beat until creamy. Mix flour, baking powder and salt thoroughly. Add to sugar mixture alternately with milk. Add vanilla. Spread batter evenly in a greased 8-inch square baking pan. Mix brown sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over batter. Dot with 2 tablespoons fat. Bake at 350° (moderate oven) for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Angel Biscuits instructions: Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, soda and salt together. Cut in margarine, dissolve yeast in warm water. Stir into buttermilk and add to dry mixture. Cover and chill.
title: Quick Peppermint Puffs instructions: Dip marshmallows in melted margarine; roll in candy. Wrap a crescent triangle around each marshmallow, completely covering the marshmallow and square edges of dough tightly to seal. Dip in margarine and place in a greased muffin tin. Bake at 375° for 10 to 15 minutes; remove from pan.
title: Fruit Pizza instructions: Mix ingredients and spread into 2 greased pizza pans. Bake at 350° for 15-20 minutes.
title: Chocolate Mint Bars instructions: Mix together and bake in 9 x 13-inch pan at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Top should spring back when touched lightly; do not overbake. Cool completely, then spread with mint layer.
title: Beer Bread instructions: Stir the ingredients together and put in a greased and floured loaf pan. Bake at 425 degrees for 50 minutes. Drizzle melted butter on top.
title: Chicken Divan instructions: Melt margarine in skillet; saute onions and celery. Remove from heat. Stir in flour and curry powder. Drain mushrooms and keep juice. Add water to juice to make 1/2 cup liquid. Stir liquid and soup into flour mixture; add mushrooms. Cook until thick. Arrange broccoli and cubed chicken in a large baking dish. Spoon sauce over chicken. Top with grated cheese. Bake in a 350° oven for about 20 minutes or in microwave until cheese is melted.
title: Mexican Cookie Rings instructions: Sift flour, baking powder and salt together. Cream together butter and sugar. Add egg yolks and vanilla. Beat until light and fluffy. Mix in sifted dry ingredients. Shape into 1-inch balls. Push wooden spoon handle through center (twist). Shape into rings. Dip each cookie into candies. Place on lightly greased baking sheets. Bake in 375° oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on racks. Serves 2 dozen.
title: Vegetable-Burger Soup instructions: Lightly brown beef in soup pot. Drain off excess fat. Stir in tomatoes, tomato sauce, water, frozen vegetables, soup mix and sugar. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Serve.
title: Chicken Ole instructions: Dice chicken. Mix all ingredients together. Let sit overnight. Bake 1 1/2 hours at 375°.
title: Creamy Coleslaw(Better Homes And Gardens)   instructions: In a large bowl, combine cabbage, carrot, green pepper and onion or can use package of slaw mix purchased from store.
title: Creole Flounder instructions: Heat oven to 500°. Place fillets in single layer in baking dish, 13 1/2 x 9 x 2-inch. Stir together remaining ingredients except pepper rings. Spoon over fillets. Bake 5 to 8 minutes or until fish flakes easily with fork. Remove fillets to warm platter. Garnish with green pepper rings. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Three Bean Salad instructions: Mix together all of sugar, salad oil, vinegar and water until sugar is dissolved. Pour over beans and let stand overnight.
title: Dave'S Corn Casserole instructions: In a bowl, mix corns, sour cream, corn bread mix and melted margarine. Pour into a greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Casserole Italiano instructions: Brown beef with onion and seasonings and combine in a 1 1/2-quart casserole with soup, water and noodles. Place cheese around edges. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Corned Beef And Cabbage Casserole instructions: Combine all ingredients and cook uncovered over low heat until cabbage is crisp-tender, about 20 minutes.
title: Crab Cakes instructions: Mix together and carefully add 1 pound lump crab meat. Mix ahead of time and refrigerate so they will hold together better.
title: Taco Dip instructions: Mix together cream cheese and mayonnaise. Spread on to a large platter or two dinner plates. Freeze for 15 minutes. Spread taco sauce evenly on top. Layer remaining ingredients in the written order. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Bonbon Cookies instructions: Cream together the butter and peanut butter. Add the remaining ingredients. Mix and form into balls (best to mix with your hands) and chill several hours, even a day.
title: Forever Amber instructions: Mix together. Spread in a buttered pan. Bake for 30 minutes at 275°. While still hot, sift 1 box of powdered sugar into it. Drop by teaspoons on waxed paper. Let dry. If it seems set on bottom, turn over and let it continue to dry.
title: Gooey Coffee Cake instructions: Mix together cake mix, 2 eggs and melted oleo. Put in greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Put chopped nuts on top of mixture. Mix together 2 eggs, cream cheese and powdered sugar. Add on top of first mixture. Bake 15 minutes at 325°, then bake 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Phylis' Pineapple-Banana Salad instructions: Drain pineapple and reserve juice. Cut bananas in chunks like pineapple.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together in baking dish. Cover and bake at 350° for 2 1/2 hours. Bake the last 45 minutes, uncovered, to brown top of chicken.
title: Pineapple Nut Pie instructions: Cream the cream cheese; add the milk and beat smooth. Add lemon juice, pineapple and nuts. Beat well. Pour into graham cracker crust and chill. Slice in small servings (very rich) and top with dollop of Cool Whip.
title: Annie'S Diabetic Candy instructions: Mix all ingredients, form in small balls and roll in chopped peanuts. Keep refrigerated.
title: Frozen Peach Mousse instructions: Puree peaches in a blender. Add remaining ingredients. Blend and pour in container and freeze.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: *Can also use blueberries or cherries.
title: Blueberry Surprise instructions: Mix ingredients and press 2/3 mixture in bottom of square baking dish. (A bowl that has the same diameter top and bottom may be used, 1 1/2 to 2-quart size.)
title: Moist Devil'S Food Cake instructions: Sift together the flour, soda and salt; set aside. Combine shortening and sugar in a bowl. Beat until creamy. Add egg yolks; beat well. Combine cocoa, water and vanilla to make 1 cup; mix well. Add to batter. Add flour mixture alternately with milk. Beat well after each addition; set aside. Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form when beater is lifted. Fold into batter. Bake in two 9-inch greased cake pans at 375° for 30 minutes.
title: Dot'S Civil War Cake instructions: Combine and cook first 6 ingredients. Bring to boil and boil 5 minutes; cool. Add sifted, dry ingredients to apple mixture. Stir and blend only. Add nuts. Pour into greased and floured tube pan. Bake 1 hour at 350°. Serves 16.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Peel and dice potatoes; place in bowl of cold, salted water. Drain potatoes and dry on paper towels. Mix 1/2 cup butter, onions, soup, sour cream and cheese; stir well. Add potatoes to mixture and pour into a 2 1/2-quart casserole dish. Crush cornflakes, mix with remaining butter. Sprinkle cornflakes and butter on top of potato mixture. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Dream Pie instructions: Mix vanilla wafer crumbs with butter.
title: Divinity Fudge instructions: Stir well together the sugar, syrup and water. Allow to boil without stirring until it forms a hard ball in cold water. Pour this over stiffly beaten egg whites, beating constantly. Cool; add vanilla and nuts. Beat until cool and thick enough to set. Pour into a buttered platter or drop by teaspoons on waxed paper.
title: Apple Crisp instructions: Mix 1/2 cup of sugar and cinnamon. Spread on apples. Mix 1/4 cup sugar, flour, salt, cornflake crumbs and oleo. Spread mixture on apples.
title: Sausage Balls instructions: Mix sausage and cheese together. Add Bisquick and mix thoroughly. Roll into medium size balls. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Consomme Chicken instructions: Add enough liquid to chicken soup and consomme to make 4 cups of water. Season with salt and pepper. Cook at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Spanish Hamburgers instructions: Brown celery, onions and ground beef in butter. Add vinegar, lemon juice, brown sugar, mustard, salt, pepper catsup and water. Simmer for 30 minutes.
title: Egg Drop Soup instructions: In saucepan slowly stir the chicken broth into cornstarch. Cook, stirring constantly, until slightly thickened. Slowly pour in the well beaten egg; stir once gently. Remove from heat. Garnish with sliced green onion. Makes 4 servings.
title: Mulled Cider instructions: Simmer all of the ingredients. Strain into warmed mugs and top with a dash of nutmeg. This recipe can be doubled many times, according to the number of guests present.
title: Sesame Ginger Chicken instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients in a small bowl, stir well and set aside. Place chicken between 2 sheets of waxed paper or heavy duty plastic wrap, and flatten to 1/4-inch thickness, using meat mallet or rolling pin. Coat grill rack with cooking spray; place on grill over coals. Place chicken on rack and cook 4 minutes on each side, basting frequently with soy sauce mixture. Transfer chicken to a serving platter and garnish with green onion, if desired. Yields 4 servings, about 200 calories.
title: Egg Casserole instructions: Saute together first 5	ingredients. In a separate 9 x 12-inch pan, mix bread, eggs and milk. Put pieces of bread into pan; add your vegetables, then your eggs. Place	in refrigerator overnight (at least 8 hours).	Add Cheddar cheese before cooking. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Cranberry-Apple-Orange Salad instructions: In food processor or blender, grind cranberries, apple and orange. Mix with sugar and set aside. Prepare gelatin according to package directions, using 1/4 cup less of cold water. Chill until it begins to thicken. Add cranberry mixture and nuts. Mix well. Pour into a mold, if desired, or leave in a bowl and stir before serving. Chill until set. Can even be made a day ahead. Keeps well in refrigerator for a few days.
title: Brown Rice instructions: Put in a covered 1 1/2-quart dish. Bake 1 hour at 350°.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: Mix cream cheese, margarine and sugar. Add fruit and walnuts. Whip cream and fold into fruit and cream cheese mixture. Pour into round mold. Freeze 6 hours. Remove from mold shortly before serving. Makes 12 servings.
title: Cheese Dip instructions: Dice tomatoes and peppers. Combine all ingredients in top of double boiler for 30 minutes. Serve hot over corn chips.
title: Funnel Cake instructions: Sift first 5 ingredients together in a bowl. Mix egg and milk together; add to dry ingredients. Beat until smooth. Hold finger over bottom of a funnel; pour in some batter. Remove finger to let batter drop. Drop batter in a spiral motion into pan filled with 1 inch of hot oil (375°). Fry until golden brown, turning once. Remove from pan; drain on a paper towel. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve hot.
title: Fast Real Good Fudge instructions: In large bowl, put confectioners sugar, cocoa and chopped nuts. In saucepan, put margarine and Velveeta. Melt and add vanilla. Pour hot mixture over sugar mixture. Mix quickly and pour into buttered cookie sheet. Cool and cut into squares.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Cook squash, onions and carrots until tender. Mash. Melt butter in pan; stir in stuffing until all is coated. Drain all water from squash. Stir in sour cream and soup. Place in a greased baking dish a layer of squash and a layer of stuffing. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Combine softened cream and Cheddar cheeses. Add chopped up items. Mix and add liquids last. Mix well. Roll into ball and cover with chopped nuts.
title: *Apricot Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water; add sugar. Blend in the cream cheese with a fork. Add can of crushed pineapple and apricot baby food. Refrigerate. Chill can of milk. When jello starts to set, take milk out of the refrigerator and beat until stiff. Fold partially set jello into cream. Chopped nuts can be used for garnish. This is a large salad; could fill a 2-quart mold or 2 (1-quart) molds. Serves about 12.
title: Pound Cake instructions: Have all ingredients at room temperature. Hand stir all dry ingredients together. Add eggs and stir. Add butter and Crisco and stir. Add milk and stir. Put batter in mixer and beat at high speed until well blended. Add 1 to 2 teaspoons of your favorite flavoring and mix well. Pour batter into greased and floured tube pan. Place in cold oven. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 20 to 30 minutes.
title: Monkey Bread instructions: Use greased 9 x 13-inch pan or Bundt pan. Melt butter; add brown sugar, pudding, milk and cinnamon. Break up 1 loaf into round balls; place in pan. Pour mixture over and break second loaf over this. Rise 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Bake 30 minutes at 350°; turn out immediately to cool.
title: Chicken Roll-Ups instructions: Unroll crescent rolls; add cooked chicken and grated cheese. Wrap roll over chicken and cheese; pinch sides together.
title: Beef And Spanish Rice Casserole instructions: Spray a 1-quart casserole dish with Pam. Layer rice and meat, diced onion and grated cheese. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Baked Beans instructions: Cook onions and bell pepper in oil until onions are transparent. Add beef and cook until brown. Mix all ingredients together. Bake in 350° oven for 45 minutes, or after mixing together, pour in crock-pot and cook 6 to 10 hours on low.
title: Sweet-N-Sour Chicken instructions: Saute onion in 2 tablespoons shortening. Add carrots, water and bouillon cubes. Simmer 5 minutes. Combine next 6 ingredients. Add to vegetable mixture and cook until clear. Add pepper, pineapple and chicken. Cover and simmer 5 minutes or until heated through. Serve with rice or angel hair noodles. Serves 6 people.
title: Ambrosia instructions: Combine all ingredients. Chill overnight. Yields 4 to 6 servings.
title: Crazy Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Mix together and roll into balls; flatten with fork. Bake on ungreased cookie sheet. Makes 2 dozen. Quick, easy and good.
title: Brickle Bars instructions: Mix together with a fork: cake mix, 1 egg and margarine. Press into a 13 x 9-inch pan. Next mix Eagle Brand milk, 1 egg, pecans and Bits 'O Brickle. Pour over cake mixture. Bake 30 minutes at 350°. Let cool and cut into bars.
title: Pancakes instructions: Mix dry ingredients. Add egg, margarine and buttermilk. Stir by hand until well blended. Pour onto non-stick pan or griddle with a little oil added. Cook until bubbly and turn over.
title: Crustless Vegetable Ham Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. In large frying pan, melt butter and saute mushrooms, garlic, onion and zucchini until tender, approximately 2 minutes. Add ham and cook 1 more minute; set aside.
title: Red Cabbage And Apples instructions: In a saucepan filled with lightly salted boiling water, cook red cabbage for 5 minutes; then drain.
title: German Potato Salad instructions: Peel and cut potatoes in thin slices. Fry bacon until crisp. Remove bacon from grease and reserve 1/2 cup drippings to make dressing. Blend sugar, flour, salt and pepper. Stir into bacon drippings to make smooth paste. Add vinegar and water. Boil 2 to 3 minutes. Combine sauce, potatoes and onions in skillet. Turn skillet off. Cover with a towel (not a lid) and let stand at room temperature 3 or 4 hours. Sprinkle with bacon.
title: Jan'S Winter Soup instructions: Saute onions and garlic in butter until onions are tender. Add meat and brown. Drain well. Add the rest of the ingredients and simmer at least one hour.
title: Microwave Spice Tea instructions: Mix all ingredients together and store in airtight container. When ready to serve, heat 1 cup water in microwave until boiling. Add 3 heaping teaspoons. Mix to water and stir well. Great for winter cold and to get the chill out.
title: Barbecue Noodle Cheese Bake instructions: Cook hamburg and crumble. Add Manwich. Spray Pam in baking dish. Layer 1/2 of noodles, then 1/2 hamburg mixture on noodles. Put enough cheese slices on to cover meat. Layer all again. Bake for 1/2 hour at 350°.
title: Cutout Cookie instructions: Mix all ingredients. Chill for several hours. Cut out with cookie cutters. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes. Frost if you want to. Makes approximately 4 dozen.
title: Don Juan'S Sangria instructions: Squeeze the juice of lime, orange and apple in a large pitcher; add 1/2 cup sugar and fruit pieces. Pour in the wine, brandy and Triple Sec and stir with a long handled spoon until well mixed. Taste. If you prefer the sangria sweeter, add up to 1/4 cup more sugar.
title: Ranch Beef And Beans instructions: Combine all ingredients in large pot; simmer 30-45 minutes or until onion and bell peppers become soft. This recipe triples and freezes well. Serve with cornbread.
title: Crisp Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Mix oats, brown sugar and oil; let stand overnight or 8 hours. Preheat oven to 325°. Mix rest of ingredients into oat mixture. Drop by teaspoon onto greased baking sheet. Bake 15 minutes. Cool completely before removing from baking sheet.
title: Souper Tuna Crunch instructions: Reserve 1/2 cup Chinese noodles. In 1 1/2-quart casserole, combine remaining noodles, soup, water, tuna, cashews, celery, onion and peas. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until hot. Stir; sprinkle reserved noodles around edge. Bake 5 minutes more. Serve with soy sauce. Makes about 4 1/2 cups.
title: Cheese-Ham Ball instructions: Mix all ingredients. Form into a ball and roll in chopped pecans. Serve with assorted crackers.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Chop all and mix with hands. Form into ball and refrigerate for 1 to 2 days. Sprinkle with paprika and serve with Ritz crackers.
title: Pasta Chicken Salad(268 Calories Per Serving)   instructions: Cook large shells according to package directions. Drain and cool (rinse with cold water to cool quickly, then drain well). Combine cooled large shells with remaining ingredients and toss lightly. Chill. Makes 8 servings.
title: Zucchini-Artichoke Continental instructions: In 2-quart microwave-safe casserole, microcook artichokes and water, covered, on 100% power (High) for 3 to 4 minutes or until thawed. Stir. Add next 3 ingredients. Cover. Cook on High for 9 to 11 minutes (low-wattage oven for 12 to 14 minutes) or just until tender; stir once. Drain well. Stir in garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Dot with margarine or butter. Cover; cook on High for 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes; sprinkle with cheese. Let stand 2 minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Supreme Beef Casserole instructions: Melt shortening in a skillet. Add beef, breaking into pieces with a fork. Cook until brown. Drain off fat. Stir into meat the tomatoes and tomato sauce, adding salt, sugar and garlic. Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the noodles. Drain well and with a fork blend in sour cream, cream cheese and onions.
title: Chicken Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients; chill.
title: Chess Pie instructions: Mix ingredients in order given. Bake at 300° to 325° for 30 minutes or until firm.
title: Cold Spaghetti Salad instructions: Cook noodles 1/2 done (do not rinse). Add all other ingredients; mix well. Marinate at least 3 hours. The longer it sits, the better it gets!!
title: Cucumber Salad With Dill instructions: Combine all ingredients, except dill, making sure juices are mixed well. Garnish with dill. Chill.
title: Chicken Spaghetti instructions: Cook spaghetti and drain. Mix all other ingredients together. Add to spaghetti, place in a 13x9 casserole dish. Cook for 30 minutes at 350 degrees.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Mix all ingredients except chipped beef and parsley. Chill for 1 hour. Shape in ball. Roll in chipped beef and parsley until well coated. Keep in refrigerator. Serve with cracker (any kind).
title: Pistachio Salad instructions: Mix together all ingredients and refrigerate. Serve on lettuce leaf. Use 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Good Sweet Muffins instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Beat egg with fork. Add remaining ingredients except blueberries and stir until flour is moistened. Batter should be lumpy. Add blueberries, if desired. Fill muffin cups 2/3 full. Bake 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm.
title: Vanilla Creme Dessert instructions: Mix flour and melted margarine. Pat mixture in 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Bake at 375° for 10 minutes. Let cool.
title: St. Joseph'S Zeppole instructions: Combine water, butter, sugar and salt in saucepan and bring to a boil. Add flour all at once, then beat with a wooden spoon for 1 minute or until mixture leaves sides of pan and forms a ball. Cool mixture. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each egg, until mixture has satin-like sheen. Use pastry bag with large star tip and fill with mixture. Make doughnut shape with pastry bag on greased cookie sheet. Bake in 400° oven for 20 minutes or until puffed and well browned. Cool. Slice each zeppole in half and fill with the following filling.
title: Corn "Oysters" instructions: Mix and let stand several hours or overnight. Drop by teaspoon in hot vegetable oil and fry until brown on both sides.
title: Bright Party Beans instructions: Fry ground beef and dry onions. Add salt and pepper and chili powder. When browned, combine in large pan or roasting pan. Add all ingredients including juices. This will look like it's watery. Bake at 270° to 300° for 4 hours. Do not stir during that time.
title: Apricot Dessert instructions: Mix cornstarch and sugar. Add nectar and cook, bringing to a boil. Stir constantly and cook until thickened. Cool slightly.
title: Honey Almond Squares instructions: Bake cake as directed on package in 13 x 9-inch pan. Cool. Whip cream cheese until smooth. Add honey. Spread mixture over cake. Sprinkle with almonds. Store in refrigerator.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix all together; pour into a 7 x 12-inch casserole. Sprinkle with pepper and paprika. Bake approximately 1 hour and 15 minutes at 350°.
title: Artichoke Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake in preheated 350° oven, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Serve hot with crackers.
title: French Onion Soup instructions: Heat butter in heavy kettle. Add sliced onions; brown well, stirring constantly. Add beef and chicken stock, the Worcestershire sauce, bay leaf, garlic salt and pepper. Allow to simmer for 40 minutes. Remove the bay leaf; add salt. Prepare with a slice of toasted French bread (1/2-inch thick). Add a thick slice of Swiss cheese (1/4-inch thick), overlapping the bowl. Put under the broiler until cheese is melted and bubbly.
title: Apple Pie instructions: Put in unbaked pie shell. Top apples with 2 tablespoons margarine with crust. Brush milk on top of crust and sprinkle with sugar. Bake on bottom shelf at 400° for 45 minutes.
title: Sloppy Joes instructions: Brown and drain hamburger. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for 20 minutes.
title: 7-Up Cake instructions: Mix sugar and butter thoroughly, then add egg, flour, egg, flour, etc. until all eggs and flour are mixed thoroughly, either with hand mixer or electric beater/mixer. Then add lemon flavor and your 7-Up (the 7-Up will make the cake rise); add yellow food coloring which is optional. Bake at 325° to 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour, depending on oven. Insert toothpick after 45 minutes. Cook in Bundt pan. Let cool 25 minutes. Cake is done.
title: Corned Beef Dip instructions: Mix ingredients together until they are completely blended.
title: Chocolate Pie instructions: Mix dry ingredients; add milk. Beat in egg yolks. Pour on 1 cup boiling water. Mix and cook until thick. Cool. Pour in baked pie shell. Cover with meringue and brown in oven.
title: Tater Tot Casserole instructions: Spread Tater Tots in large cake pan, 9 x 13-inch. Brown meat and onions; drain well. Pour meat mixture over Tater Tots. Mix all 3 soups in a bowl. Pour over meat and Tater Tots. Sprinkle grated cheese to cover soup. Bake at 325° for 1 hour. As you brown meat and onions, salt and pepper well.
title: Blackberry Pie instructions: Combine sugar, cornstarch and water in a heavy saucepan; cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened. Remove from heat; add gelatin, stirring until dissolved. Gently stir in blackberries. Pour into pastry shell. Chill until firm. Serve with Cool Whip or ice cream. Easy and so tasty.
title: Caramel Pie instructions: Mix Cool Whip, softened cream cheese and Eagle Brand milk. Beat for 1 minute. Pour in pie crusts. Melt margarine and mix with coconut and almonds. Place on cookie sheet and cook for 10 minutes at 350°. Watch closely and stir often. (I like mine toasty.) Pour coconut, almond mixture over top of pies. Pour caramel topping over the 3 pies. Freeze.
title: Dill Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Let sit in refrigerator several hours before serving. Serve with raw cauliflower, broccoli, carrots, celery, mushrooms and cherry tomatoes.
title: Broccoli Cornbread instructions: Fry onion in oil. Set aside. Cook broccoli as directed. Drain and set aside. Melt oleo. Grease 8 x 8-inch pan. Mix cornbread mix and eggs. Add cottage cheese, broccoli, onions and melted oleo margarine. Stir well. Pour into pan and bake at 450° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Vegetable Soup instructions: Slice the vegetables. Cook in small amount of water until tender. Add the cooked macaroni, green beans and peas. Add bay leaf and Italian seasoning. Cook beef or turkey until it changes color. Add to vegetables. Pour in tomato juice. Bring to boil. Reduce to simmer. If soup is too thick, add more tomato juice.
title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake instructions: In saucepan, melt oleo; add cocoa. Combine remaining ingredients and add oleo-cocoa mixture. Bake in 9 x 13-inch pan for 30 minutes at 350°. While still hot, punch holes in cake. Spread on cake, 1/2 cup peanut butter mixed with 1 1/2 tsp. oil.
title: Magic Cookie Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350° (325° for glass dish). In 13 x 9-inch pan, melt butter in oven. Sprinkle with crumbs. Top with Eagle Brand milk evenly. Top with remaining ingredients. Press down. Bake 25 to 30 minutes until lightly brown. Cool or chill. Cut into bars; store, loosely covered, at room temperature.
title: Pecan Pralines instructions: Combine sugars and evaporated milk in heavy saucepan. Cook over medium heat. Stir in butter, pecans and coconut. Cook until candy reaches soft ball stage. (Mixture will form a soft ball when dropped in a cup of cold water.) Cool 2 minutes. Beat until thick, but glossy. Drop by tablespoon onto wax paper. Cool thoroughly.
title: Chocolate "Stuff" instructions: Make pudding as directed on package, then add vanilla wafers. Smooth on Cool Whip and sprinkle with pecans.
title: Easy Chocolate Frosting instructions: Bring sugar, butter and milk to a boil and boil 1 minute. Remove from stove and add chocolate chips and vanilla and beat. (Might need about 1/2 cup powdered sugar.)
title: No Bake Pumpkin Pie instructions: Combine gelatine, spices, condensed milk and eggs on low heat until gelatine dissolves (10 minutes). Remove from heat. Stir in pumpkin. Pour in baked pie shells, then chill 3 hours. Garnish with Cool Whip and chopped pecans.
title: Baked French Toast instructions: Mix all well in medium bowl and cut one 16 ounce loaf of Italian bread into 1-inch slices. Dip bread into mixture and put into large glass baking dish. Pour any remaining mixture over bread. Refrigerate overnight.
title: Puppy Chow instructions: Pour cereal into a very large bowl. In a 1-quart bowl, combine chips, peanut butter and margarine; microwave on High for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes until smooth. (Stir after 1 minute.) Pour chocolate mixture over cereal, stirring all pieces until all are coated. Then little by little, add the powdered sugar. Stir well each time the powdered sugar is added. May not need entire box of powdered sugar.
title: Tamale Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Peel wrappers off tamales and chop in large bowl. Drain hominy, olives and peppers. Add them to tamales. Mix well. Place in 9 x 13 x 3-inch baking dish. Spread out evenly. Sprinkle cheese over top and olives if desired. Bake 20 to 30 minutes. Serves 8. Serve with Spanish rice and corn chips.
title: Taco Dip instructions: Layer the above ingredients in a 9 x 13 inch dish. Press down with spatula. Serve with Doritos.
title: Bonnie'S Bread instructions: Can use dehydrated potato flakes. Add flour as desired. Dough should be soft and elastic. Bake as rolls or bread at 350°. Bread is done when it sounds hollow when tapped.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Combine the first five ingredients and place in a 9 x 12-inch casserole dish. Mix next four ingredients and pour over top of chicken mixture. Do not stir. Bake at 425° for 45 minutes to one hour until crust rises and browns.
title: Smoked Turkey Risotto instructions: In medium-size saucepan, bring the stock to a boil over medium heat. Lower the heat, add the artichoke hearts, cover and simmer for about 10 minutes or until tender. With a slotted spoon, transfer the artichoke hearts to a bowl and cover to keep warm.
title: Eggplant Spaghetti Sauce instructions: Heat oil in large pot. Add all the vegetables and the garlic. Saute over medium heat for 15 minutes stirring frequently. Add tomatoes and tomato sauce and all the seasonings. Bring to a boil and then reduce heat. Cover and simmer for 3 to 4 hours. During the last hour of cooking, add the wine.
title: Watergate Cake instructions: Combine box cake mix, oil, instant pudding, ginger ale, eggs, and pecans. Pour into a 13 x 9-inch pan that has been greased and floured. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Cool and add topping when ready to serve. For topping the cake, mix cool whip, milk and pistachio instant pudding mix. Pour over cake and let set.
title: Plum Muffins instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Drop into greased muffin tins. Bake at 325° for 15 to 20 minutes or until done.
title: Cranberry Punch instructions: Mix and put in punch bowl. Top with sherbert.
title: Sweet Potato Pie instructions: With mixer, cream potatoes, butter and sugar until smooth and creamy. Watch out for strings in potatoes. Add eggs, one at a time. Mix after each egg. Add seasoning, then milk. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Butternut Pound Cake instructions: Cream sugar and Crisco well. Add eggs, one at a time. Beat well. Add flour and milk alternately on medium. Last, add flavors. Beat 2 minutes. Heat oven to 325°. Pour batter into greased and floured cake pan. Bake for 1 hour.
title: Morning Glory Muffins instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients in a large mixing bowl; stir in carrots and next 4 ingredients. Make a well in center of mixture. Combine vegetable oil and remaining ingredients. Add to flour mixture, stirring until moistened. Place paper baking cups in muffin pans. Spoon batter into paper cups, filling 2/3 full. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from pans immediately. Makes 22 muffins.
title: Chicken Breasts With Wild Rice instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients together. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch microwave dish. Lay chicken breasts on top of rice mixture, with heavy side of breasts at corners of the dish. Brush with melted butter or margarine and sprinkle evenly with cornflake crumbs.
title: Creole Green Beans instructions: Saute green pepper and onion in hot bacon drippings until tender. Add flour, salt, sugar and paprika. Stir until blended. Add tomatoes and simmer for about 15 minutes. Stir in green peas; heat through and serve.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Mix eggs, bananas, butter and sugar in blender or food processor. Mix remaining ingredients. Add the two mixtures together. Pour in greased pan and bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Corned Beef Hash Swirls instructions: Make dough according to Bisquick directions on box. Roll out until about 1 inch thick. (Shape, as you roll out into an oblong shape.) Thinly spread with a knife, mustard on top of dough. Then, salt and pepper lightly or to taste. Spread corned beef hash on top of the mustard, salt and pepper. Then, lengthwise, roll up securely and pan freeze. When frozen, take out and with a sharp knife, cut roll into 3/4 to 1 inch slices. Bake in moderate oven at approximately 350° for 15 or 20 minutes or freeze, individually and reheat frozen for a longer period of time. Whether you serve right away or serve after being frozen, pour on top either a cream cheese sauce or a sauce made of 1 can of cream of celery soup, adding a little water. A good lunch!!
title: Patio Potatoes instructions: Mix all together and put in greased 9 x 13-inch casserole dish. Top with 2 cups corn flakes (crushed) and mixed with 1/2 cup melted margarine. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Sky High Biscuits instructions: Combine dry ingredients. Cut in butter as you would for pie crust. Add milk and egg quickly and stir briefly. Knead for a few minutes. Roll to 1-inch thickness. Cut into biscuits. Bake at 450° for 12 to 15 minutes on greased cookie sheets.
title: Lasagne instructions: In a large skillet brown the hamburger. Drain the fat. Stir in the jar of spaghetti sauce. Heat until warm. In a 3 to 4-quart saucepan fill to about an inch below the rim with water. Bring to a boil and add noodles. Cook until soft. In a large baking pan (8 x 10-inch or bigger) cover the bottom with 4 noodles. Smother with Mozzarella (and Ricotta if you have it) and start your next layer of noodles. Bake in oven at 350° until cheese is melted.
title: German Potato Salad instructions: Boil the potatoes until done. Peel and slice while still warm. Stir while pouring on the vinegar and hot grease. Garnish with the bacon and chopped parsley, if available. Sprinkle with sugar if too tart due to the vinegar.
title: Coconut Pie instructions: Mix flour, sugar and coconut in a bowl. Beat eggs and add milk, butter and flavoring. Then add dry ingredients. Pour into well greased pie plate and bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until golden brown. This pie makes its own crust.
title: Bullets instructions: Mix together ground beef with salt and pepper and enough flour to hold meat together. Roll into meat balls. Roll meat balls in more flour to coat. Drop meat balls into boiling water and cook. It will make its own gravy. Serve over rice or mashed potatoes. May add more seasoning to taste as these are very bland.
title: Mom'S Pancakes instructions: Sift flour with baking powder, salt and sugar into a medium bowl. With rotary beater, beat egg. Add milk and butter; beat until well mixed. Pour this into dry ingredients; beat only until combined. Batter will be lumpy.
title: Pecan Kisses instructions: Beat egg white until stiff. Add sugar and vanilla; mix well. Dip 2 or 3 pecans at a time. Place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake at 250° for 30 minutes. Leave in oven for 30 more minutes with the oven turned off.
title: Pizza Casserole instructions: Brown beef; stir to crumble. Drain. Put beef into 8-inch baking dish. Top with sauce, Mozzarella cheese and sliced mushrooms. Combine the biscuit mix, milk and eggs; beat until smooth, then evenly pour over casserole. Bake at 400° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Chocolate Lover'S No-Bake Brownies instructions: Melt chocolate chips over hot (not boiling) water; stir until smooth. Add sweetened condensed milk, chocolate wafer crumbs and one-half cup of nuts; stir until well blended. Press into foil-lined 8-inch square pan. Press remaining 1/2 cup of nuts into top of brownies. Let stand at room temperature until firm. Cut into 2-inch squares.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli according to directions on package. Drain. Arrange in dish. Combine other ingredients and cover broccoli. Sprinkle with grated cheese or crushed Ritz crackers. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes.
title: Fruit Bars instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, almond extract and eggs. Stir in remaining ingredients. Spread dough in greased pan (13 x 9 x 2-inch). Bake until light brown, 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Chinese Hamburger instructions: Brown hamburger. Add onion and celery until transparent; drain. Add soups, water, rice, soy sauce and pepper. Transfer to a casserole dish. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Top with chow mein noodles and cook for 10 minutes more.
title: Almond Roco instructions: Cook until hard ball stage in cold water. Add 1/2 cup chopped almonds and cook until it reaches cracked candy stage, 300°, on candy thermometer. Melt the 3 chocolate candy bars and pour on top and sprinkle chopped almonds.
title: Hungarian-Stuffed Peppers instructions: Prepare peppers (remove white sections). Mix ground beef, rice, egg and seasoning. Fill peppers; place in deep cooking vessel. Cover with V-8. Cook for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Lemon Pudding Pound Cake instructions: Beat eggs. Add cake mix, pudding, water and oil. Beat at medium speed for 10 minutes. Pour into an ungreased 10-inch tube pan with removable bottom. Bake at 350° about 50 minutes. Cool slightly and remove from pan.
title: Peanut Butter Cup Cookies instructions: Cream butter, peanut butter, brown sugar and white sugar. Beat in egg and vanilla. Sift flour, baking soda and salt. Add flour mixture to creamed mixture. Shape into 1-inch balls. Spray miniature muffin pans with nonstick spray and place balls of dough in pans. Do not spread dough in cups. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes or lightly browned. Remove from heat and immediately press peanut butter cup into each cookie until only top shows. Let cool in tins for 10 to 15 minutes. These freeze well. Makes about 4 dozen.
title: Egg Cheese Souffle instructions: In greased baking dish, place croutons and Velveeta. Mix eggs, milk, mustard, salt, onion powder and pepper. Pour on top of cheese. Place crumbled bacon on top. Bake at 325° for 50 minutes.
title: Apple Bread instructions: Cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in egg. Stir together flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, raisins and pecans. Add to sugar mixture alternately with applesauce. Pour into greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan. Bake in 325° oven for 1 hour or until knife inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Homemade Noodles instructions: Stir together. Roll out as thin as you can on floured surface (use lots of flour). Roll up and slice whatever width you want. Gently toss to unroll. Drop in your favorite boiling broth. Gently boil about 8 minutes. These can be frozen by spreading noodles out on floured cookie sheet. Put in freezer until firm. Then store in freezer bags.
title: Chocolate Fudge instructions: Combine margarine, milk and sugar in Dutch oven. Place over medium heat until sugar	is dissolved. Heat slowly to boiling. Cover and boil 5 minutes.	Turn off heat if electric stove. If gas stove, turn warmer as low as possible. Add marshmallows. Stir until dissolved. Add each of chocolate, one at a time. Stir until melted. Add vanilla	and nuts. Pour into 15 x 10 x 1-inch pan. Cut when firm. Makes about 5 pounds.
title: Fruit Cake instructions: Beat eggs; stir in sugar. Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Combine with chocolate chips, nuts and cherries. Fold in egg-sugar mixture. Pour into well-greased and floured loaf pans. Place pan of water on bottom rack of oven and loaf pans on top rack. Bake at 325° for 1 to 1 1/2 hours.
title: Cranberry Scones instructions: Combine softened butter or margarine, confectioners sugar and orange peel in a small bowl; blend well.
title: Brownie Pie instructions: Place flour, cocoa and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Stir to mix well. Add eggs, margarine, salt and vanilla. Beat with a whisk for about 4 minutes. Stir in nuts. Pour into a greased 8-inch pie pan and bake in preheated 325° oven until done, about 30 to 40 minutes. Pie will puff up and then settle down. Serve slightly warm with ice cream or whipped cream. Makes 8 servings.
title: Cream Puff Dessert instructions: Boil water and margarine. Then add flour. Let cook; then add eggs one at a time. Spread in a 9 x 13-inch pan, sprayed with Pam. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes until brown. Cool. Mix instant pudding, milk and softened cream cheese. Spread on crust and top with Cool Whip. Drizzle with chocolate syrup. Chill 6 hours prior to serving.
title: Chantilly Low-Fat instructions: Line strainer with a double layer of cheesecloth. Place yogurt in the center and let drain for 1 hour. Place mandarin juice in a small pan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for about 20 minutes until a very thick syrup remains. There should be about 2 tablespoons of syrup. Reserve. Whip the cream in a bowl with an electric mixture until it holds soft peaks. Place the drained yogurt in a bowl and stir in the mandarin syrup. Gently fold in the whipping cream with a rubber spatula. Makes 1 cup.
title: Golf Balls instructions: Beat all ingredients together except peanut butter until mixture is very smooth, then add peanut butter and beat until smooth and well blended. Roll into balls and roll in sifted powdered sugar. Refrigerate. Makes about 100.
title: Crispy Herb Bread instructions: In a small bowl, combine oil and garlic powder. Brush over the bread. Mix together thyme, marjoram, paprika and grated cheese. Place bread halves on a baking sheet; sprinkle with cheese and herb mixture. Bake in 425° oven for 7 to 9 minutes, until lightly browned. Cut each half into 5 slices.
title: Festive Fruit Salad instructions: Combine pineapple, oranges, grapes, strawberries and apples. Sprinkle with lemon juice. Add marshmallows and chill.
title: Fresh Strawberry Pie instructions: Cut up 1 cup strawberries. Add water. Cook for 2 minutes. Mix sugar and starch and add to fruit mixture. Cook until thick and clear. Add butter, lemon juice and salt; cool. Arrange berries in prepared pie crust. Top with cooked mixture. Chill at least 2 hours. Top with whipped cream and strawberry.
title: Egg Custard instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Bake empty pie shell 5 minutes. Remove from oven; set aside.
title: Chicken Giblet Gravy instructions: Mix first 4 ingredients in saucepan and bring to boil. Reduce to low-medium heat and add flour-water mixture. Let simmer 5 to 10 minutes over low heat.
title: Beef Brisket instructions: Mix catsup, water, onion, vinegar, horseradish, mustard, salt and pepper. Place brisket, fat side up, in shallow dish. Cover and refrigerate several hours or overnight. Roast in a preheated oven at 300° until tender (3 1/2 to 4 hours). Slice against the grain and serve with sauce.
title: Fruit Medley instructions: Allow tapioca, 1 cup water and sugar to stand 5 minutes, then cook until clear. Add 1 1/2 cups water, orange juice, oranges and peaches. Chill well, even overnight. Before serving, add strawberries and bananas. (Add fruit early enough to allow flavors to blend.) Top with lime sherbet in fruit or sauce dishes. Serves 8.
title: Nana'S Cornbread(For 9-Inch Iron Skillet Or 8 X 8-Inch Pan)   instructions: Stir 1/2 teaspoon baking soda into 1 cup buttermilk. Melt 1/4 cup bacon fat into pan you are using in the oven you are preheating. Mix ingredients. Bake at 425° for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Marinated Pork Roast instructions: Combine all ingredients except roast. Place roast in plastic bag and set in deep bowl. Pour in marinade and close bag tightly. Let stand 2 to 3 hours at room temperature or overnight in refrigerator. Occasionally press bag against meat to distribute marinade. Remove meat. Roast, uncovered, at 325° for 3 hours. Baste with marinade the last hour.
title: Dad'S Chili instructions: Fry pork in oil in saucepan over medium heat. Add minced garlic to pork. Dice green chilies and sprinkle with garlic salt. Drain meat. Add 3 cups of water. Add green chilies and diced tomatoes; add with garlic salt. Mix cornstarch to remaining cup of water. Then add to mixture. Salt to taste. Cook at medium heat.
title: Spoon Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water. Mix with other ingredients. To bake, spoon batter into well-greased muffin tin about 2/3 full. Bake at 425° for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Will keep in refrigerator for 2 weeks if sealed in Tupperware bowl.
title: Chicago Crunchy Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Sift flour, baking soda and salt onto wax paper. Preheat oven to moderate (350°). Beat butter, margarine, brown sugar, granulated sugar, egg, milk and vanilla in a bowl until well blended.
title: Salad Dressing instructions: Place in blender until smooth.
title: Leroy'S Heavenly Hash instructions: Mix in a large bowl. Refrigerate and serve cold.
title: Banana Cream Pie instructions: Whisk together the milk, cream and egg yolks. Combine the sugar and cornstarch in heavy saucepan. Whisk in the yolk mixture and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Then stir the mixture constantly until it comes to a boil, about 7 minutes more. Boil, stirring, 1 minute. Remove the saucepan from heat and stir in the vanilla, butter and bananas. Pour into baked pie shell and smooth top. Finish with meringue or whipped cream topping.
title: Marinated Onions And Blue Cheese instructions: Mix olive oil, lemon juice, salt, pepper and sugar. Add Blue cheese and onions.
title: Cheese Cake instructions: Grease a spring-form pan (you can use a 13 x 9-inch pan) and pat mixture of graham cracker crumbs, butter, cinnamon and 1/4 cup sugar in bottom and a little up the sides of the pan.
title: Carrot Bread instructions: Mix all ingredients in order. Bake in greased loaf pan for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Mistletoe Punch instructions: Combine all ingredients, except ginger ale and garnish, in a punch bowl. Just before serving, add some ice cubes and stir in the ginger ale. Put lemon slice and a cherry in each cup. Serves 30.
title: Mixed Vegetable Casserole instructions: Mix first 5 ingredients. Pour into casserole and top with crackers mixed with margarine. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Cheeseburger Crescent Bake(1 Hour)   instructions: Press crescent rolls in 13 x 9-inch pan, forming crust 1/2-inch up edge. Brown hamburger in skillet with onion. Drain grease. Remove from heat and stir in remaining ingredients. Spread over crescent rolls. Bake 20 to 25 minutes at 350°. Kids love this!
title: Do-Unkles Pumpkin Cake instructions: Combine all ingredients together. Mix at medium speed for 3 minutes. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 325° for 45 minutes. Frost with cream cheese frosting or your favorite.
title: Colonial Cheese Biscuits instructions: These pancakes are as big as a dinner plate and formerly even bigger (12-inches in diameter!). Nowadays you may find such big pancakes on the menu of a restaurant, but at home, we make them the dinner plate size. They are either eaten as a savory (with smoked sausage or bacon) or as a sweet (plain with molasses or golden syrup or with apples). Pancakes are best when made with yeast and they should be served piping hot. Use two skillets when available. Keep the pancakes hot on steam, or covered in the oven. Cold pancakes are awful! The following recipe is a luxury one, for special occasions, as many eggs are used in preparing (instead of yeast).
title: Simple Salsa Dip instructions: Mix it all together and microwave until cheese melts. Goes good with tortilla chips.
title: Any Flavor Pan Dessert instructions: Mix the first 4 ingredients and press into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake 8 to 10 minutes at 350°. Combine 1 cup whipped topping with cream cheese and powdered sugar. Spread on top of baked layer and chill. Mix pudding with milk and spread over second layer. Chill 15 minutes before spreading the remaining whipped topping over the pudding. Serves 16.
title: Mexican Casserole instructions: In 9 X 13 dish spree fritos or doritos to cover well. Brown and mix hamburger and onion. Add rotel, soups and milk. Pour over chips, cover with cheese and bake at 350 degrees until bubbly (25 to 30 minutes).
title: Apple Sour Cream Coffee Cake instructions: Combine flour, soda and salt. In another bowl, cream butter and 1 cup sugar until fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla; mix well. Blend in flour mix, alternating with sour cream. In another bowl, mix together apples, cinnamon, 1/2 cup sugar and nuts. Spread half the batter in a greased 9-inch tube or Bundt pan. Sprinkle half the cinnamon-apple mix over the batter. Spoon in the rest of the batter and sprinkle on the rest of the cinnamon-apple mix. Bake at 375° for 40 to 50 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before removing from pan.
title: Snickerdoodles instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Beat with an electric mixer, the sugar, margarine, shortening and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Put flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt into flour sifter and add to the sugar mixture. Stir until flour disappears. Shape dough by rounding teaspoonfuls into balls. Mix 2 teaspoons sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon; roll each ball in cinnamon sugar mixture. Place about 2 inches apart on cookie sheet. Bake until set, about 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Spaghetti Salad instructions: In a saucepan, cook spaghetti until tender. Drain and cool. In a large bowl, combine all ingredients and stir.
title: Spanish Meat Balls instructions: Mix well the first 9 ingredients; shape into small balls. Put into a large greased casserole. Heat soup, water and remaining chili powder; pour over meat balls. Bake, covered, at 375° for 2 hours. Yields 6 servings.
title: Broccoli Cornbread instructions: Combine cornbread mix and margarine in a large bowl and mix together. Add remaining ingredients; blend well. Pour into an ungreased 9 x 13 baking pan. Bake at 400° for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Fried Onion Rings instructions: Cut onions into 1/2-inch slices; separate rings. Place in a bowl; cover with ice water and let soak for 30 minutes.
title: Mayonnaise Rolls instructions: Mix well, fill muffin pans 1/3 full. Bake at 400° until brown. Makes about 6 rolls.
title: Cheeseburger Loaf instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine all ingredients except cheese in bowl and mix thoroughly. Lightly grease a loaf pan. Put 1/3 of meat mixture in the bottom of pan and spread evenly. Put 1/2 cup cheese on top (keep cheese away from the edge of the pan to prevent burning or sticking). Repeat layers (1/3 meat, 1/2 cup cheese, 1/3 meat). Bake 1 hour. Let stand 10 to 15 minutes before removing to a platter to slice. Yield: 6 servings. Preparation time: 30 minutes.
title: One Bowl Chocolate Fudge(Microwave)   instructions: Microwave chocolate and milk in 1 1/2-quart microwavable bowl on High 1 minute; stir well. Microwave 1 minute longer. Stir until chocolate is completely melted and smooth. Stir in vanilla, salt and walnuts. Spread into greased 9 x 5-inch loaf pan. Refrigerate 30 minutes or until firm. Cut into squares.
title: Ranch Style Baked Beans Casserole instructions: Brown meat in margarine; stir in remaining ingredients. Pour into bean pot or 2-quart casserole (cool and freeze if desired.) Bake at 400° for 30 minutes. Makes 10 to 12 servings.
title: Etta'S Hungarian Coffee Cake instructions: Mix sugar and shortening. Add flour and salt until it crumbles. Put aside 1/2 cup of this mixture for topping. Add egg to remainder. Add soda and baking powder to sour milk, then mix everything together. Sprinkle crumbs on top. (Optional: Sprinkle cinnamon and ground nuts on top.) Bake for 35 minutes in a 9-inch cake pan or pie plate.
title: Beer Biscuits instructions: Dissolve sugar in beer and add to biscuit mix. Mix and bake in accordance with directions on biscuit mix container.
title: Baked Spaghetti instructions: In a large skillet, saute onion and green pepper in butter until tender. Add tomatoes, mushrooms, olives and oregano. Add ground beef if desired. Simmer uncovered for 10 minutes. Place half of the spaghetti in a greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Top with half of the vegetable mixture. Sprinkle with 1 cup Cheddar cheese. Repeat layers.
title: Easy Apple Dumplings instructions: Peel, cut apples into quarters. Roll out biscuits. Cut each in half. Put 1 quarter apple in each biscuit half. Fold dough over apple, place in a buttered sheet pan or large casserole dish. Mix next 5 ingredients; pour over dumplings, cut butter over top. Bake in a 350° oven until apples are done. Take from oven, baste and continue baking until golden brown. May be served with Cool Whip. Yields 8 to 10 portions.
title: Twinkie Dessert instructions: Line bottom of 13x9 pan with Twinkies. Mix jello with hot water and stir until dissolved. Add strawberries and pour over Twinkies. Let set for 30 minutes or more. Mix pudding as directed and pour over Twinkies and jello. Cover with Cool Whip and decorate with more strawberries if desired.
title: Gooey Butter Cake instructions: Preheat oven at 350°. Mix cake mix with 1 egg and butter, melted. Press into a 9 x 12 cake pan that has been greased and floured. Then mix 2 eggs, cream cheese, 1 box powdered sugar and vanilla together. Use a blender until all mixed, then pour over cake in pan and bake about 35 to 40 minutes at 350° or until you can stick a toothpick in and it comes out clean. Cool, then cut into squares and eat.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Mix flour, sugar, salt and pepper. Add to corn. Add melted butter. Add eggs. Add milk. Pour into greased casserole. Place in a pan of water. Bake at 325° for 1 hour. Serves 6.
title: Honey Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Grease and flour a 9 x 13-inch cake pan. In a large mixing bowl, beat eggs and honey together. Add sugar and mix again. Mix coffee with baking powder and add margarine to the egg mixture. Add baking soda, flour and cinnamon and beat together well. Pour into greased cake pan. Bake for 55 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Enchiladas instructions: In a saucepan, combine tomato paste, water, garlic and chili powder; simmer 20 minutes. In skillet, brown ground beef with half of the onions; drain fat. Stir in 1 1/2 cups of cheese and 1 cup tomato paste mixture. Spoon 1/4 cup tomato paste mixture in 3-quart shallow baking dish. Soften tortillas, one at a time, by dipping in and out of remaining mixture. Spoon beef mixture down center of each tortilla; roll up. Place seam side down in baking dish. Pour remaining tomato paste mixture over top. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and onions. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Zucchini In Tomato Juice(From Weight Watchers)   instructions: Cut zucchini in half lengthwise, then cut into cubes. Put all ingredients in a saucepan and cook until the zucchini is tender.
title: Pineapple Casserole instructions: Mix sugar, flour and cheese. Add pineapple; pour in greased 10 x 10-inch casserole. Sprinkle crackers on top. Pour melted butter over top. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Brunswick Stew instructions: Bring chicken to boil in salted water. Reduce heat and simmer 1 hour, until tender. Remove from both. Add vegetables to broth and simmer until tender. Strip chicken from bones in large pieces and add to stew last 5 minutes of cooking.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Mix together cream cheese, mayonnaise and lemon juice. Finely chop onions, beef, olives and bell pepper. Add to cheese mixture and mix well. Chill at least 6 hours. Shape into a ball and roll in chopped nuts. Serve with Ritz crackers.
title: Marinated Carrots instructions: Wash and scrape carrots. Cut in diagonal slices. Cook and drain. Cool. Combine carrots with raw onion rings in a bowl. Combine tomato soup, sugar, oil, vinegar, salt and pepper in saucepan. Bring to boiling point; stir to dissolve sugar. Pour hot mixture over vegetables and mix together. Cover and chill in refrigerator overnight.
title: Blueberry Cake instructions: Beat egg whites until stiff; add 1 cup sugar. Set aside. Cream the shortening, salt, rest of sugar and vanilla. Add egg yolks. Beat until creamy. Add baking powder, milk and flour to mixture alternately. Fold in egg whites, then blueberries. Pour into a well-greased and floured 9 x 13-inch pan. Sugar the top. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Summer Squash Casserole instructions: Cook squash and onion (in pot with just enough water to coat bottom or steam them), drain and set aside. Mix the soup (do not add water) with the sour cream; combine with squash and onion. Melt butter and combine with stuffing. Put layer of stuffing along bottom of 6 X 10 inch baking dish. Alternate layers of squash and stuffing ending with stuffing. Bake at 350° for 20-25 minutes.
title: Skor Cake instructions: Make cake according to directions on box and bake in 9 x 13-inch pan. Immediately after removing from oven, poke holes all over cake and pour Eagle Brand milk and caramel sauce over top of cake. Allow cake to completely cool and then ice with Cool Whip. Crush Skor candy bars and sprinkle over cake. Keep refrigerated.
title: Never Fail Pie Crust(Double Pie Crust)   instructions: Combine flour, sugar and salt. Put shortening in a chilled bowl and add flour mixture. Blend with pastry blender to a coarse meal. Blend egg and ice cold water together, then add vinegar and blend. Add to flour mixture and mix well. Roll out on floured surface.
title: Best Brownies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Melt the butter. Pour into mixing bowl. Beat in cocoa and sugar. When mixture is smooth, beat in eggs, one at a time, then add vanilla. Stir in flour, salt and coconut. Pour in a 9 x 13-inch greased pan. Bake for 25 minutes. Let cool in pan and cut into squares. Yields about 30 bars.
title: Mushroom Caps Stuffed instructions: Fry and chop stems; drain. Fry and drain sausage. Mix cheese and bread crumbs and add mushroom stems and cooked sausage. Mix all ingredients together. Fill hollowed out mushroom caps with mixture. Put in shallow baking dish. Add a little wine. Bake at 400° for 15 to 20 minutes until cheese is melted. Serve immediately.
title: Toffee Brickle instructions: Line bottom of	lasagne size pan with soda crackers. Boil sugar and butter about 8 minutes. Pour over crackers. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Remove and sprinkle with chocolate chips. Spread melted chocolate chips with a knife. Cool and crack into pieces. Store in an airtight container.
title: Stir Fried Veggies Medley instructions: Cut carrots and celery into thin strips. Thinly slice onions. Cut broccoli into 2 X 1/2 inch pieces. Cut mushrooms into quarters or in half if they are small. In five-quart or 12 inch skillet over high heat, in hot oil, cook vegies, stirring quickly and frequently, about 3 or 4 minutes. Add mushrooms, water, salt and sugar.	Other spices may be added. Cover and cook 5 to 6 minutes longer until veggies are tender-crisp, stirring occasionally.
title: Bacon And Egg Breakfast Bake instructions: Preheat oven to 450°. Spread bacon in bottom of 9-inch pie plate. Sprinkle with cheese. Beat eggs with milk and pepper. Pour over cheese. Bake for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350°. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes longer, until browned and firm in center. Place pie plate on wire rack to cool for 10 minutes. Cut in wedges. Yields 10 servings, 249 calories per serving.
title: Spiced Tea instructions: Mix all ingredients. Use 3 to 4 teaspoons of mix for mug of hot water.
title: Fruit Pizza instructions: Prepare cookie dough in circular baking pan. Bake according to directions; cool.
title: Ham Roll-Ups instructions: Place ham slices, one on top of the other, on cutting board. Cut 1/2-inch strips lengthwise; do not separate. Combine cheese and onion. Spread thin layer on top of first slice of ham. Roll up first strips of slice and repeat next slice, etc. Makes 30 roll-ups.
title: Pineapple Souffle instructions: Melt butter in pan (9 x 9-inch). Mix together the next 5 ingredients and pour into baking dish with melted butter. Sprinkle with cinnamon, 1 tablespoon sugar and roasted pecans. Bake at 300° for 40 minutes.
title: Real Whipped Cream That Keeps instructions: In small ovenproof bowl, spread gelatin over water. Set bowl in a saucepan of hot water. Let stand until gelatin dissolves. Remove from saucepan. Let cool 1 minute. Whip cream until almost stiff. Add gelatin, salt and vanilla. Continue to whip until stiff. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
title: Montana Mud Cake instructions: Cream first 3 ingredients. Add eggs and vanilla. Add flour, then add coconut and pecans. Mix well. Bake in floured and greased 9 x 12-inch pan in 350° oven for 30 minutes. Pour a jar of marshmallow cream over cake and top with frosting.
title: Diane'S Quick Quiche instructions: To make a grilled cheese sandwich properly you must first decide what kind of bread to use, white, wheat, rye or raisin..raisin? Then consider the kind of cheese you have available, American, Swiss, Cheddar, Limburger..Limburger? You will also need butter, or oleo, or lard.. lard? A kitchen countertop will be useful, as well as a knife, spatula, an iron skillet with a lid or cover, a stove and a helper to clean up the mess when you are through.
title: Egg Drop Soup instructions: In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, heat oil over medium heat. Add onion, garlic, ginger and pork; cook and stir until tender. Stir in broth, soy sauce, pepper and sesame oil; bring to a boil. Add carrots; simmer 15 minutes. Add all remaining ingredients except eggs; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low. Stir in eggs with a fork to separate into strands.
title: Summer Berry Sauce instructions: In a large bowl, combine juice concentrate and honey. Add fruit. Toss gently to combine. Store in refrigerator. Makes 3 cups.
title: Cherry Pie instructions: Cream cheese should be close to room temperature. Blend milk, lemon juice and vanilla with cream cheese and pour into pie crust. Chill about 2 hours. Then pour cherry pie filling on top. Chill one more hour. Keep refrigerated.
title: Baked Bean Casserole instructions: Cook at 350° for 1 3/4 hours in a 2-quart casserole.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Mix all ingredients together in a large bowl. Pour into 2 greased loaf pans. Bake at 350° for at least 1 1/4 hours. Makes 2 loaves.
title: Fried Rice instructions: Cook and stir onions and green pepper in oil until onion is tender.	Stir in rice, mushrooms and soy sauce.	Cook over low heat for 10 minutes, stirring frequently, stir in beaten eggs. Cook and stir 2 to 3 minutes longer.
title: Paw Paw'S Pancakes instructions: Beat eggs. Add sugar and mix well. Stir in flour and milk. Beat until smooth. Add melted oleo and stir thoroughly. Add vanilla. Pour onto preheated skillet or griddle. Turn when bubbles appear.
title: Speedy White Clam Sauce instructions: Drain clams. Heat olive oil in skillet. Add garlic; brown lightly. Add parsley and seasoning. Heat 2 minutes. Serve over cooked spaghetti.
title: Pineapple Cranberry Pie instructions: Cook fruit until cranberries burst. Cranberries on bottom. Blend dry ingredients and stir into fruit. Cook until thickened. Cool slightly and pour into 9-inch uncooked pie shell and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Strawberry Yum-Yum instructions: Melt margarine and stir in crumbs. Place half of mixture in bottom of baking dish. Whip Dream Whip and cream cheese with sugar and cold milk. Pour half of the Dream Whip mixture on crumbs. Spread strawberries on creamed mixture. Spread remainder of creamed mixture on top of strawberries. Sprinkle remainder of crumbs on top. Chill 3 hours or longer.
title: Blueberry Cream Pie instructions: Combine first 6 ingredients; beat 5 minutes at medium speed of an electric mixer or until smooth. Fold in blueberries. Pour filling into pastry shell. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes.
title: Western Style Barbecue instructions: In saucepan, brown frankfurters in butter. Add remaining ingredients. Heat; stir occasionally. Garnish with green pepper rings. Makes about 5 cups.
title: Cheese Cake instructions: Mix first 3 ingredients. Mix next 4 ingredients. Whip Milnot until stiff. Roll graham crackers and mix with 1 stick of oleo. Press crackers (half) into bottom of pan. Combine the cream cheese mixture into the Jell-O mixture and fold in the Milnot. Put on top of graham crackers. Add remaining crackers on top. Chill several hours.
title: Angel Food Cake instructions: Sift of sugar with flour 4 times. Beat whites to a foam. Add cream of tartar and salt and beat till it holds up peaks. Add remaining sugar and flavoring. Fold in flour.
title: Plum Nutty Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. When fluffy, cook at 300° for 1 hour or until done.
title: Pinto Bean Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients; pour into 3 unbaked pie shells. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Speedy Little Devils instructions: Combine melted butter and dry cake mix. Reserve 1 1/4 cups of this for top crust. Pat remaining crumb mixture into ungreased 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Top that layer with combined peanut butter and marshmallow cream. Spread evenly. Crumble remaining cake mixture over that. Bake 20 minutes at 350°. Cool; cut into bars. Makes 3 dozen.
title: Martha Washington Candy instructions: Mix together 1 box confectioners sugar, Eagle Brand milk and vanilla, then thicken with coconut and then add as many pecans as desired. Mix well. Put in freezer for 2 to 3 hours or until extremely stiff, then roll in balls, using the other box of confectioners sugar to roll in. Set aside. Melt 1/2 to 3/4 of a block of paraffin and 1 box of Baker's semi-sweet chocolate.
title: 24 Hour Salad instructions: Layer vegetables in large bowl. Top with bacon bits. Mix mayonnaise and sugar together and pour on top of salad, making sure top is covered completely. Cover and place in refrigerator overnight. Put shredded cheese on top just before serving.
title: Rocky Road Fudge instructions: Grease 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan. In 2-quart saucepan, melt margarine over low heat. Stir in cocoa, corn syrup, water and vanilla until well blended. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in confectioners sugar until well blended and smooth. Stir in marshmallows and nuts. Turn into prepared pan. Cover and refrigerate until firm. Cut into squares. Makes about 1 3/4 pounds.
title: Ice Cream instructions: Beat with electric mixer. Put in freezer.
title: No Bake Persimmon Pudding instructions: Mix pulp, sugar, peanuts and marshmallows. Add graham cracker crumbs. Shape into roll, adding more crumbs, if needed, to retain shape. Chill thoroughly. Serve with whipped cream.
title: Fruitcake Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs. Add other ingredients and mix well. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto a cookie sheet. Bake at 300 for 20 to 30 minutes.
title: Chicken And Tortilla Casserole instructions: Boil chicken; bone and cut up meat. To the meat, add onion and green pepper. Mix soups, tomatoes, chili powder and garlic salt. Dip each tortilla in chicken broth, then in a buttered 9 x 12-inch baking dish. Place a layer of tortilla, 1/2 the chicken, 1/2 the soup mixture and 1/2 cheese. Repeat layers; bake 30 to 40 minutes in 350° oven until cheese melts.
title: Fruit Pizza instructions: Press out cookie dough flat on a 13-inch pizza pan or cookie sheet. Bake according to package directions. Cream together cream cheese and powdered sugar. Spread on cooled crust. Top with chopped or sliced fruits and sprinkle with coconut. Yields 1 pizza.
title: Harvard Beets instructions: Melt fat and stir in flour. Gradually add boiling water and cook until thickened, stirring constantly. Add vinegar, sugar and seasonings. Mix well until sugar dissolves. Add beets and cook until thoroughly heated. If canned beets are used, substitute 1/4 cup liquid from the can of beets for the water. Makes 6 servings.
title: Clam Chowder instructions: Dice bacon and onion. Saute in soup pot. Add remaining ingredients. Heat; do not boil. May be thickened, if necessary.
title: Easy Cranberry Relish instructions: In food processor, mix cranberries, sugar and whole orange (cutting it into 2 to 4 parts seems to work better). Mix ingredients in processor until chopped. Transfer mixture into a mixing bowl and add chopped walnuts. Chill and serve.
title: Banana Omelette instructions: Melt the butter in a skillet and saut the bananas about 5 minutes turning them frequently. Remove from the pan and set aside. Beat the egg yolks with the salt, cayenne pepper and milk. Beat the egg whites until stiff and fold the yolks and whites together. Transfer to a buttered 7 x 10 inch shallow casserole and arrange the banana slices on top. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 20 minutes or until lightly browned. Sprinkle with parsley and serve from the casserole.
title: Taco Soup instructions: Brown hamburger with onion. Drain. Add taco seasoning. Combine meat mixture with all remaining ingredients. Simmer 20 minutes. Serve with Cheddar cheese, sour cream, crushed corn chips and chopped avocado. Let each person create their own. Delicious and fun!
title: Frosty Pudding Cones instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine milk and lemon juice. Mix well. Add yogurt. Mix well. Spoon mixture into cones. Set upright in glasses or jars and place in freezer. Freeze 3 hours. Top each cone with 1 tablespoon whipped topping. Serves 6.
title: Easy Marinade instructions: Mix all ingredients together and pour over chicken. Let set as little as 1 hour or overnight for really juicy chicken.
title: Pina Colada Muffins instructions: Use electric mixer. Prepare cake as directed on box. Stir in remaining ingredients and mix 1 minute. Use muffin cups or grease muffin pans well. Preheat oven to 350°. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. I frosted mine with cream cheese frosting.
title: Oriental Tossed Salad instructions: Mix all together right before serving. Serves 12 to 15.
title: Applesauce Cake instructions: Beat the sugars (white and brown) and oil together. Add eggs and beat again. Add applesauce, raisins, salt and soda, then flour. Stir in walnuts or pecans. Bake in large flat pan, 13 x 18-inches, at 350°.
title: Mayonnaise instructions: Mix egg yolk slightly. Add oil, 1 drop at a time, until it begins to thicken, then add slowly and steadily. Add lemon juice and honey. Store in fridge.
title: Shepherd'S Pie instructions: Fry hamburg and onion until brown. Drain off liquid. Add salt and pepper. Spoon into 1-quart casserole and place potatoes on top. Put butter and paprika over potatoes. Bake in a 425° oven for 15 minutes.
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake in a greased and floured 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. I use a tube pan.
title: Brown Rice Pizza(Light)   instructions: Combine rice, 1/2 cup cheese and 1/2 teaspoon oregano in a medium bowl. Stir well. Press mixture evenly into a 12-inch pizza pan coated with Pam. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes. Coat a large nonstick skillet with Pam. Place over medium-high heat until hot. Add broccoli, zucchini, mushrooms and onion. Saute until tender. Combine tomato sauce and remaining oregano. Spread evenly over baked crust. Top with sauteed vegetable mixture. Sprinkle with remaining 1 cup cheese. Bake at 400° for 10 minutes or until pizza is thoroughly heated and cheese is melted. Yields 4 servings (255 calories each).
title: Creamy Shells With Broccoli And Ham instructions: Cook shells according to package directions. Slice or cube ham; cut broccoli into 1/2-inch pieces. Saute garlic, ham and broccoli in margarine in a large skillet until broccoli is crisp and tender (approximately 5 minutes). Stir in cream. Cook over medium heat 3 minutes. Stir in cheese. Lower heat and cook, stirring often, until cheese is melted. Drain shells and toss with sauce. Serve.
title: Chicken Over Rice instructions: Boil all ingredients until tender. Serve over rice.
title: Meatball Chop Suey instructions: Mix ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, 2 tablespoons onion, egg, salt and pepper. Shape into 24 meatballs and brown in lard or drippings. Pour off drippings. Dissolve bouillon cubes in hot water; add bouillon, remaining onion, soy sauce and celery to meatballs. Cover tightly and cook slowly for 15 minutes. Remove meatballs.
title: Vegetable Beef Soup instructions: Add beef, tomatoes, soup and onion in crock-pot. Add water, frozen vegetables, potatoes and celery. Add salt and pepper and other spices of preference. Stir well. Cook at lowest setting for 4 to 6 hours.
title: Hawaiian Marshmallow Pie instructions: Microwave marshmallows and reserved 1/2 cup pineapple liquid in large microwave safe bowl on High 2 to 2 1/2 minutes, or until smooth when stirred, stirring halfway through heating time. Refrigerate 30 minutes or until slightly thickened; mix until well blended. Fold in pineapple and whipped topping. Pour into crust. Refrigerate several hours or overnight. Garnish with pineapple chunks and maraschino cherries. Makes 6 servings.
title: Sugar-Free Sweet-N-Sour Stir-Fry instructions: Cook vegetables 2 minutes and add water chestnuts and green pepper. Cook until crisp and add Sweet-N-Sour Sauce.
title: Graham Cracker Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease pan. Divide graham crackers into smallest part and put into bottom of pan. Melt together the butter and margarine. Add 1/2 c sugar boil for 2 minutes. Remove from heat add pecans (as many as desired). Mix and pour over graham crackers. Bake for 6 minutes on the bottom rack.
title: Red Cabbage instructions: Saute the onion in the bacon drippings or olive oil until tender. Add the cabbage and saute 10 minutes. Add the apples, wine vinegar, sugar and salt. Simmer, covered, 2 hours. Stir and check for burning. Add the jelly and simmer 1/2 hour more.
title: Ambrosia Salad instructions: Drain pineapple, oranges and cherries, put in bowl and mix all ingredients together. Put in refrigerator.
title: Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: Mix sugar, margarine and Crisco. Add eggs, one at a time. Beat on low. Add flour, sour cream and vanilla. Bake at 325° for about 1 hour and 15 minutes.
title: Soft Delicious Pumpkin Bars instructions: Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Barbecue Sauce instructions: Combine tomato sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, onion, salt, pepper and garlic powder. Simmer on medium heat 5 to 8 minutes.
title: Sausage Strata instructions: Arrange bread in bottom of greased baking dish (10 x 6-inch). Brown sausage and drain off fat. Spoon sausage evenly over bread. Sprinkle with cheese. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over all. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Can be made ahead and refrigerated until needed. If so, bake for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Pepperoni Spaghetti instructions: Combine onion, green pepper, ground beef and pepperoni in a large skillet. Cook over medium heat until beef browns, stirring to crumble. Add spaghetti sauce and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Florida Punch instructions: Bring to a boil the sugar and water until sugar is dissolved. Add cranberry, pineapple and orange juices. When ready to serve, add ginger ale.
title: "Peachy" Cake instructions: Beat eggs. Then add flour, oil, vanilla, sugar, baking powder and juice. Beat at medium speed until creamy. Grease and flour or spray with "Pam" a 10-inch tubular pan. Pour 1/2 batter; line with sliced peaches (drained), 1/2 can. Sprinkle sugar and cinnamon. Pour remaining batter. Line with remaining sliced peaches; sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Bake at 350° for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until "tester" comes out of cake dry. (I use a long knife.) Enjoy!
title: Fruity Ice instructions: Mix ingredients in blender, adding ice slowly.
title: Five Way Chili instructions: Lightly brown beef. Add water and mix. Add all other ingredients. Simmer, uncovered, 3 hours. Stir occasionally or cook in crock-pot.
title: Hot Tomatoes And Cucumbers instructions: Cook and stir cucumbers and onion in butter or margarine in a skillet for about 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until tomatoes are just heated through. Sprinkle with dill and serve hot.
title: Fluffy White Icing instructions: Mix all ingredients together, except milk. Beat at high speed; slowly add milk.
title: Dishpan Cookies instructions: Cream together the sugars, oil and eggs. Add baking powder, salt, flour and oats; mix well. Then add coconut, corn flakes, chocolate chips and nuts (optional). Mix well. Drop on cookie sheet. Bake 10 to 12 minutes at 325°. This takes a very large bowl to mix in.
title: Toll House Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. In large bowl, beat eggs until foamy. Add flour, sugar and brown sugar. Beat until well blended. Blend in melted butter. Stir in chocolate chips and walnuts. Pour into pie shell. Bake for 1 hour. Serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream.
title: Crunchy  Onion Burger instructions: Mix beef, 2/3 cup French fried onions and seasonings; shape into 6 burgers. Grill or broil 10 minutes or until no longer pink in center, turning twice. Serve on rolls and top with 2/3 cup onions. Makes 6 servings.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Mix at low speed until well blended. Chill until firm. Shape into ball and roll in chopped pecans. Wrap in foil and refrigerate overnight.
title: Pumpkin Squares instructions: Combine flour, oats, 1/2 cup brown sugar and 1/2 cup butter in bowl. Mix until crumbly. Press into greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Combine pumpkin, evaporated milk, eggs, sugar and spices in mixing bowl. Beat well. Pour into crust. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Combine nuts, brown sugar and butter. Sprinkle on top. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes until filling is set.
title: Old Time Buttermilk Pie instructions: Soften butter and add sugar; cream together. Add flour and eggs; beat well. Stir in buttermilk, vanilla, and nutmeg. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes at 350°. Place on wire rack to cool before serving.
title: Two Sweet Potato Pies instructions: Boil sweet potatoes; peel and mash. Beat eggs and combine with potatoes, sugar and vanilla. Stir all together and pour into pastry shell. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Let set 15 minutes before serving.
title: Broccoli-Cauliflower Soup instructions: Cut vegetables into small pieces, discarding any of the stem too tough to poke with a fingernail. Barely cover with broth and slowly cook until tender. In another pan, saut onion in butter or margarine on medium heat. Add flour to make a roux; slowly add flour, stirring constantly to thicken and prevent lumping. Slowly add milk while stirring constantly. Lower heat and cook 45 minutes; continue stirring occasionally. Serve with grated cheese and pepper.
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Mix. Bake in	three 9-inch pans at 325° for 25 to 30 minutes or until done.
title: Russian Tea instructions: Mix all ingredients. Use 1 tablespoon (heaping) per cup of water.
title: Hunter'S Delight instructions: Melt butter in skillet. Add onion and cook 5 minutes. Add meat and seasonings. Cook until browned. Add corn and milk. Put potatoes in a 2-quart casserole; cover with meat mixture. Bake, uncovered, in a 375° oven for about 1 1/2 hours. Yield: 6 servings.
title: Pie Crust("Never Fail")   instructions: Cut shortening into flour and salt. Combine egg, water and vinegar. Pour liquid into flour mixture all at once. Blend with spoon, just until flour mixture is all moistened. This is an easy crust to handle and can be re-rolled without toughening. Bake at 450° for 10 minutes.
title: Burnt Caramel Cake Icing instructions: Put 2 cups sugar and milk in a saucepan. Add syrup. Put the 1/2 cup sugar in a small skillet and pour enough water over it to moisten good. Turn on low heat under saucepan. While it is heating, brown the sugar in the skillet. When brown, pour it into the saucepan. Cook until soft ball forms in cold water. Remove from stove and beat until ready to spread on the cake. Add butter, the size of a walnut, and flavoring.
title: Chicken Sweet-Sour instructions: Mix ingredients; pour over chicken. Bake for 1 1/2 hours at 350°.
title: Microwave Fudge instructions: Stir and microwave first 3 ingredients for 3 minutes. Stir in vanilla and nuts. Put into pan.
title: Breakfast Rolls instructions: Place nuts in bottom of greased Bundt pan. Arrange rolls on top. Sprinkle dry pudding over rolls. Cook butter, sugar and cinnamon over low heat until sugar is dissolved and mixture bubbles; pour over rolls. Cover tightly with foil and let stand on counter overnight. Next morning, bake at 350° for 30 minutes (take foil off before baking). Let stand 5 minutes, then invert onto serving dish.
title: Kentucky Cream Candy instructions: Put cream cheese in mixer bowl 30 minutes to soften. Add salt and vanilla. Add 2 cups sugar; beat. Add 2 more cups of sugar; beat. Add remaining sugar and beat well. Cover and chill in refrigerator until firm. Shape into small balls and roll in coconut. Store in a foil-lined metal box in refrigerator.
title: Thousand Island Dressing instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Makes 1 1/2 quarts.
title: Rolls instructions: Scald milk with butter. Pour into large mixing bowl. Add sugar and salt. Let cool. Add eggs (unbeaten), yeast cake and 1 1/2 cups flour. Mix well for two minutes. Stir remaining flour. Put in icebox and let rise overnight. Make rolls at least two hours before cooking.
title: Brownies instructions: Mix all ingredients together; add nuts. Pour into a greased and floured cookie sheet. Bake only 23 minutes in a 350° oven. Cool and frost.
title: Diabetic Cookies instructions: Mix applesauce, margarine, eggs, vanilla and sugar. Add the remaining ingredients. Drop by teaspoon on cookie sheet and bake 15 minutes at 375°.
title: Chocolate-Dipped Strawberries instructions: Combine chocolate and whipping cream in a glass measuring cup or bowl. Microwave at Medium power for 1 minute or until the chocolate melts, stirring after 30 seconds. Stir in the almond extract and cool slightly. Dip each strawberry into the melted chocolate, allowing the excess to drip off. Place on waxed paper-lined baking sheet. Refrigerate or freeze for approximately 15 minutes, until the chocolate is set.
title: Working Mother'S "Mess"(Renamed Dad'S Quick Delight)   instructions: Brown meat over medium heat in a large skillet. Remove meat from pan and drain off fat. Stir 1 to 3 tablespoons tamari sauce into meat. Saute onion, garlic and tomatoes. Add spaghetti sauce and heat. Add cooked beans and meat mixture. Stir gently to mix; then simmer to blend flavors. Serve when blended and heated through. Serves 4. Serve with garlic bread and green salad.
title: Chicken With Tarragon instructions: Lightly brown meat side of chicken breasts. Lay all 4 chicken breasts, meat side down, in small (8-inch) skillet. Add enough water, with chicken bouillon, added to just cover chicken. Add onion over top of chicken. Sprinkle with tarragon. Bring to boil and reduce heat to medium. Cover skillet with well-fitting lid and cook approximately 30 to 45 minutes or until chicken is done. Add a little water if necessary to replace any lost in steam.
title: Lemon Jello Vegetable Salad instructions: Mix box of jello with the cup of boiling water. Mix until dissolved. Add cold water. Let jell slightly, then add all other ingredients. Mix and jell in a flat, 1 1/2-quart dish. Cut into squares to serve on a lettuce leaf.
title: Shrimp Batter instructions: Mix all ingredients with a mixer. Deep-fry shrimp.
title: Chicken-Cheese Ball instructions: Combine all ingredients, except nuts and cherry. Form into ball. Roll in enough nuts to cover. (If too soft, chill a little first, then roll in nuts.) Can garnish with cherry on top.
title: Salted Nut Squares instructions: Place half the peanuts in an ungreased 11 x 7-inch pan. In saucepan, melt butter and peanut butter chips over low heat. Add milk and marshmallows. Cook and stir until melted. Pour over peanuts. Sprinkle remaining peanuts on top. Cover; refrigerate. Cut into bars. Makes 5 to 6 dozen.
title: Date Cake instructions: Sprinkle dates with baking soda and cover with hot water. Let stand until cool. Cream margarine, sugar and egg. Add dry ingredients, nuts and dates. Pour into lightly greased 8 x 8-inch pan and bake at 350° for at least 45 minutes.
title: Crescent Cake instructions: Mix yellow cake mix, margarine, egg and 1/2 cup chopped nuts. This mixture will be thick. Press into greased 9 x 10-inch pan. Mix confectioners sugar, cream cheese and 2 eggs. Beat until smooth. Pour over cake batter. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Freezer Pie Crust instructions: Combine water and white syrup in a very large bowl. Add all other ingredients and mix well. Roll into crust size balls, wrap and freeze. Rolls out great. Makes 20 to 24 balls.
title: Basic Graham Cracker Crust instructions: Preheat the oven to 375°. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, process the graham crackers and sugar to fine crumbs. With the motor running, add the butter and process until the crumbs are moist and stick together. Press the graham cracker mixture into the bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie pan. Bake in the center of the oven for 8 minutes or until the edges are slightly brown. Makes a single 9-inch crust.
title: Creamy Chicken And Mushrooms instructions: In skillet, in 1 tablespoon hot margarine, cook chicken 10 minutes or until browned on both sides. Remove. In remaining 1 tablespoon hot margarine, cook mushrooms and onion with garlic powder until tender and liquid is evaporated (stirring often). Add remaining ingredients. Heat to boiling. Return chicken to skillet. Cover; cook over low heat 5 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink, stirring occasionally. Serves 4.
title: Sweet And Sour Red Cabbage instructions: In a pot of water with 1 tablespoon salt, boil shredded cabbage until just tender. Cook it quickly, perhaps 10 minutes at most, to retain its Vitamin C. Drain; stir in chopped onion that has been glaceed in a nonstick frypan. Add salt, pepper, sugar and vinegar; stir at least two minutes until the vinegar permeates the cabbage, which will become limp. Serve hot with Best Herbed Pork Roast.
title: Hot Rolls instructions: Use 1/2 cup water to melt yeast. Add remainder of water to other 4 ingredients. Mix well; knead in enough flour as for biscuits. Put in a greased bowl with Crisco and let rise until double in bulk. Grease top of dough with Crisco. When dough has doubled, make out rolls. Put in greased pan and let rise. Bake in moderate oven until brown.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Spread rice in bottom of a 9 x 13-inch glass casserole dish. Sprinkle onion soup mix on top. Lay chicken pieces on top and spoon mushroom soup over all. Pour water around chicken pieces. Cover with foil and bake at 325° for 1 1/2 hours. Take foil off the last 1/2 hour. Check liquid content and add, if necessary.
title: Raisin Walnut Shortbread Bars instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Lightly grease an 8-inch square pan. Combine flour and sugar. Using pastry blender or fork, cut in margarine until mixture resembles fine meal. Press into greased pan. Bake for 20 minutes, or just until edges are golden.
title: Pineapple Parfait Pie instructions: Heat 3/4 cup liquid from pineapple plus water (if needed) to boiling. Remove from heat. Add Jell-O. Dissolve. Add ice cream until melted. Chill until thickened (10 to 15 minutes). Fold in pineapple. Turn into pie shell. Chill until firm, about 20 minutes. Top with Cool Whip.
title: Cherry Supreme instructions: Mix graham cracker crumbs and white sugar together. Melt butter and pour over the sugar and crumbs; press into a cake pan. Stir and soften cream cheese, powdered sugar and Cool Whip until it is light and fluffy. Add to cool crust, then pour the cherry filling on top of the cream cheese. Store in refrigerator overnight.
title: Red Beet Cake instructions: Mix all together. Bake at 350° for 25 to 35 minutes until done in center.
title: Reuben Casserole instructions: Spread sauerkraut in baking dish. Top with sliced tomato, dressing and corned beef. Sprinkle with cheese and caraway seed. Toss rye bread crumbs with butter and sprinkle over casserole. Bake, uncovered, at 375° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Mix sour cream, Cheez Whiz, onions and parsley. Fold in potatoes. Fold in sausage. Pour in large baking pan. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Top with red pepper and a few sausage slices for looks.
title: Carrot-Pineapple Bread instructions: Mix all ingredients well. Bake 1 hour at 350° in two loaf pans lined with waxed paper or foil.
title: Easy Chicken And Dumplings instructions: Layer chicken in bottom of casserole dish and pour melted butter or margarine over chicken. Next, mix flour with milk and pour over chicken. Mix soup and broth and pour over top of casserole and gently stir across top; smooth out. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes or until golden brown and done in center.
title: "Delicious" Scalloped Potatoes(Without Cheese)   instructions: Slice peeled potatoes in round, pretty thin slices. Layer in a deep casserole dish with butter and salt. Pour can of milk over the potatoes. Make sure they are completely covered with milk. Bake, uncovered, for about 1 hour at 475°.
title: Peanut Butter Oat Cookies instructions: Cream butter and brown sugar. Add corn syrup. Mix well. Spread mixture evenly in greased 13 x 9-inch cake pan. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Cool slightly. Spread peanut butter evenly over top. Melt chocolate chips and butter together until smooth. Drizzle over peanut butter. Cool to set, then cut in squares.
title: Cherry Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together and refrigerate 1 hour before serving.
title: Scalloped Oysters instructions: Drain oysters, saving liquid. Combine crumbs, butter, salt and pepper. Spread 1/3 of butter and crumbs in greased casserole (2-quart). Cover with 1/2 of the oysters. Using another 1/3 of buttered crumbs, spread second layer and add remaining oysters. Finish with last 1/3 of buttered crumbs on top. Combine liquid ingredients and pour over top. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes.
title: Pie Crust instructions: Cut shortening and butter into flour and salt mixture. Slowly add water while mixing with a fork (depending on weather, slightly more or less water can be used). Form into ball. Cut in half for 2 crusts. Roll out, using only a little flour. For baked pie shells: prick with fork and bake 8 minutes at 475°.
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Make oatmeal. Cool about 20 minutes. Add remaining ingredients; beat until well blended. Bake in a 9 x 13-inch pan at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Candle Salad instructions: Put one lettuce leaf on each plate. Lay a pineapple slice on top of each lettuce leaf. Stand 1/2 a banana in the hole of each pineapple. Top the banana with a bit of mayonnaise. Put a cherry on top of the mayonnaise.
title: Salmon Croquettes instructions: Mix salmon, potatoes, onion, egg and pepper until blended. Form into 8 patties, each about 3/4-inch thick. Spread crumbs on waxed paper. Gently press patties in crumbs to coat. Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add patties and cook over medium heat about 4 minutes per side until heated through, golden and crisp. Serves 4.
title: Croquettes(Chicken, Fish Or Meat)   instructions: Cut meat or fish in small pieces; add seasonings desired and croquette sauce. Mix together and shape. If mixture is not stiff enough to shape, chill in refrigerator half an hour.
title: Corn Relish] instructions: Combine ingredients and boil uncovered 15 minutes. Thicken with a small amount of flour if the mixture is too thin. Ladle into warm canning jars, leaving 1/8-inch headspace. Seal immediately. Process in boiling water bath 15 minutes. Very good with roast, men love it!
title: Flossie'S Gingerbread instructions: Mix in order given and bake in loaf pan in moderate oven, 350°.
title: Vanilla Wafer Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add crushed wafers alternately with milk. Add coconut and pecans and mix well. Pour into a 12 cup tube pan greased with nonstick spray. Cook completely before removing from pan. May be glazed with powdered sugar and topped with pecan halves and maraschino cherries. Freezes well.
title: Double Baked Potatoes instructions: Wash the potatoes, rub them with oil and bake at 350° until done. Let them cool and cut in half lengthwise, leaving about 1/4-inch around the shell. Scoop out the potato. Set the shells aside.
title: Crabmeat Au Gratin instructions: Mix everything together, except cheese and crumbs, in casserole. Top with cheese, then with bread crumbs. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Hobo Stew instructions: In skillet at medium heat, brown ground beef; drain. Add catsup, mustard, barbecue sauce, potatoes, pork and beans, corn and onion flakes. Reduce to low heat; simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until heated through.
title: Lemon Crunch instructions: Preheat oven to 350°.
title: No Name Cake instructions: Beat cake mix, milk, eggs and oil together. Add can of coconut pecan icing and mix well. Add pecans. Grease and flour a Bundt pan. Bake at 340° for 45 minutes, then turn the oven down to 315° and bake for 25 more minutes. Do not open the door during the first 45 minutes.
title: Gold Rush Brunch instructions: Prepare potatoes according to directions. In large saucepan melt butter; blend in flour, salt and pepper. Add milk and stir until thick and bubbly. Remove from heat. Add sour cream, parsley and potatoes. Place mixture in 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Arrange bacon in a row down center, overlapping. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Make a depression in mixture on each side of bacon. Slip 1 egg into each depression. Bake until eggs are set, 10 to 12 minutes. Serves 8.
title: Pot Roast instructions: You will need 1 large iron kettle (pot) or 2 iron skillets.
title: Ham Cheese Oven Omelet instructions: Beat eggs, milk and seasoned salt. Stir in remaining ingredients. Pour into greased oblong 12 x 7 1/2 x 2-inch dish or square 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. Cook, uncovered, in 325° oven until omelet is set and top is golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes.
title: Never Fail Rolls instructions: Mix all ingredients; put in refrigerator for at least 2 hours. (Can be mixed at night and next day rolled out. Dough will be sticky.) Divide dough in 3 to 4 parts. Roll in circle; cut into pie shaped wedges. Roll up from the wide end to the narrow; place on oiled cookie sheet. Let rise. Bake at 375° for 18 minutes. Enjoy.
title: Taco Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In a large skillet, brown ground beef; remove from heat and drain off any excess liquid. Add onion, garlic powder, taco seasoning mix and tomato sauce; mix and set aside.
title: Warm Crabmeat Dip instructions: Mix all together except Parmesan cheese. Put in small, shallow pan. Sprinkle cheese on	top. Bake at 400° for 30 minutes. Serve with crackers.
title: Herb Butter instructions: Blend all together and chill overnight.
title: Good 'N Easy Yeast Rolls instructions: In a saucepan combine sugar. Melt over medium heat the shortening and 1 cup hot water. Set aside to cool. Dissolve yeast in small bowl with 1 cup warm water (not hot). Beat eggs in a large bowl. Sift flour with salt mixed in.
title: Southwestern Skillet instructions: In a large skillet, cook ground beef and onion. Drain fat. Stir in undrained tomatoes, uncooked rice, green pepper, olives, chili powder, garlic salt, salt and water. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Top with cheese. Cover and heat for about 3 minutes or until cheese melts.
title: Delicious Baked Potato Dish instructions: Wash and peel potatoes, slicing very thin. Use 1 tablespoon of the butter and place in a shallow baking dish. Evenly layer one half of the potatoes in the dish, sprinkling lightly with salt and add 1/2 of the cheese. Layer remaining potatoes, lightly salt and place remaining cheese on top. Sprinkle with chopped chives and bake at 450° for 45 minutes until potatoes are tender and browned on top.
title: Quick Cream Of Broccoli Soup instructions: In medium saucepan bring 3 cups milk and broccoli to boiling, then simmer, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes. Stir in soup mix and flour blended with remaining milk. Bring to boiling point, then simmer, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes or until soup is slightly thickened and broccoli is tender.
title: Cabbage Rolls instructions: Wilt cabbage leaves in hot water. Combine all ingredients and mix thoroughly. Form into rolls and wrap in cabbage leaves. Place cabbage rolls in a cooker. Add tomatoes and cook over medium heat until hamburger is done and cabbage leaves are tender. Delicious.
title: Coconut Custard Pie instructions: Put all ingredients into blender and blend well 1 to 3 minutes. Pour into an ungreased pie pan and bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Zucchini Pizzas instructions: Combine spaghetti sauce, onions, black pepper and oregano in a small bowl. Combine Mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese. Place zucchini coins on a cookie sheet which has been coated with vegetable cooking spray (approximately 1-inch apart). Top with sauce, then a mushroom slice. Sprinkle with cheese mixture. Broil until hot and bubbly.
title: School Girl Pickles(Sweet Spear)   instructions: Soak cucumbers 2 weeks in salt water. After 2 weeks, wash and soak overnight in plain water. Cut lengthwise and soak in alum water for 6 hours. Drain off alum water and slightly rinse with cold water. Heat enough vinegar to cover to the boiling point. Cover cucumbers and let stand for 24 hours. Drain off vinegar (don't wash). Place layer of cucumbers and a layer of sugar until all are used. Add spices tied in a bag in the middle of cucumbers and let stand for 3 days. They are now ready to put in jars or any large covered container.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Cover the bottom of a 13 x 9-inch pan with coconut. Sprinkle pecans over coconut. Mix the cake as box directs and pour over coconut and pecans. Mix cream cheese, melted butter and powdered sugar. Mixture should be slightly thick (if more powdered sugar is needed, add gradually until you feel mixture is thick enough). Drop over cake and bake until done at 350°. Cake will crack open. Frost with Coca-Cola Icing.
title: Mayonnaise Cake instructions: Mix all together. Bake at 350° for 20 to 35 minutes. Test with toothpick.
title: White Pear Cake(Quick, Easy And Delicious!)   instructions: High altitude: Add 1 tbsp flour and 1/4 C sugar.
title: Party Pink Punch instructions: Blend first 4 ingredients. Freeze. Take out of freezer for 2 hours before serving. Break into mush. Add chilled ginger ale at last minute so that it does not get flat.
title: Country Style Beef And Macaroni instructions: Cook and drain macaroni. Melt butter and next 3 ingredients. Cook over medium heat until beef is browned. Add macaroni and remaining ingredients. Mix well and heat to serving temperature.
title: Peanut Butter Cream Pie instructions: Combine cream cheese, milk and peanut butter until smooth. Stir in sugar. Mix in Cool Whip. Pour into pie shell. Refrigerate several hours.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Combine ingredients and pour into 1 quart casserole dish. Bake at 350 degrees for about 35 minutes or until knife inserted near the center comes out clean. Makes 4 servings.
title: Waldrop Banana Pudding instructions: Mix first 6 ingredients together; beat well. Stir constantly when cooking; cook over medium heat until mixture thickens. Remove quickly from heat; layer in bowl with banana slices and vanilla wafers (best warm).
title: Hungarian Goulash instructions: Cook and stir beef, onion and garlic in shortening until beef is brown; drain. Stir in 1 1/2 cups water, catsup, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, salt, paprika, mustard and red pepper. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat. Cover and simmer until beef is tender, 2 to 2 1/2 hours. Can also put in crock-pot on low for 8 to 9 hours. Shake 1/4 cup cold water and flour in tightly covered container. Stir gradually into beef mixture. Heat to boiling, stirring constantly. Boil and stir 1 minute. Serve over hot noodles.
title: Plain Pound Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Pour into pound cake pan. Bake at 300° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Ham And Country Dumplings instructions: Boil ham bone in large pot; remove bone, putting meat from bone back into the broth. Add ham bouillon to flavor.
title: Broccoli Rice Casserole instructions: Saute onion and celery in butter until tender. Combine onions and celery with remaining ingredients. Pour into greased 1 1/2-quart baking dish. Bake at 350°. Better if prepared a day ahead. Freezes well.
title: Buckeyes(Cookies)   instructions: Melt oleo and combine with other ingredients. Roll into small balls and place on wax paper. Then melt chocolate chips and paraffin wax. Then dip balls into chocolate mixture, place on wax paper and cool. Makes 120 pieces.
title: Broccoli-Raisin Salad instructions: Mix broccoli, onion, sunflower seeds, raisins and bacon.
title: Low-Fat "French Fries" instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Peel potatoes or leave them unpeeled, depending on your preference. Cut into two-inch strips. Mix garlic powder and salt and set aside. Place potatoes into large plastic container; pour oil and pepper over. Shake vigorously.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Grease shallow 2-quart dish. Place vegetables and chicken in dish. Stir together broth, soup, salt and pepper. Pour over chicken. Combine flour, milk and margarine. Stir until smooth. Pour over mixture. Bake in 400° oven for 40 to 50 minutes.
title: Old-Time Bread Pudding instructions: Grease 1 1/2-quart baking dish. Place toast, cut into quarters, in dish. Sprinkle raisins over top. Combine eggs, sugar, salt, milk, water and vanilla. Pour over toast. Let stand 10 minutes. Sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Makes 4 servings.
title: Original Mayfair Dressing instructions: Blend together first 8 ingredients in electric blender until liquid consistency. (It is very important to use either a blender or a food processor in order to achieve a smooth, creamy dressing.) Then add eggs, one at a time. Beat well after each addition. Add Mazola oil, a small amount at a time, blending after each addition. Makes 1 quart.
title: Apple Cake instructions: Beat eggs, sugar and oil. Add flour, soda, salt and cinnamon. Then add apples, nuts and coconut. Bake at 375° for 25 to 35 minutes.
title: Cheeseburger Pie instructions: Brown meat and seasoning in skillet. Drain off fat. Add tomato paste; blend. Turn mixture out on crust. Top with cheese. Bake at 375° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Fried Cabbage instructions: Chop or cut up in small pieces; let stand at least 1 hour. Put 3 tablespoons of oil in skillet and heat. Drain vegetables. Put in skillet. Add 1/2 cup water and cook 20 or 30 minutes.
title: Jello Salad(This Is Almost Like A Dessert, Yummy.)   instructions: Cook until dissolved the water, pineapple juice and marshmallows. Add lemon and orange jello, stirring until dissolved. Cool until almost set at room temperature. Add carrots, celery, cottage cheese, mayonnaise and chopped nuts. Fold into jello mix. Fold in Dream Whip or other whipped cream. Pour into mold and chill.
title: Wedding Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 300°. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper or leave them ungreased. Cream the butter, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add the flour and mix on low speed until very well blended. Add the nuts and mix well until well blended. Measure out generously rounded teaspoonfuls of dough and roll them into balls with your hands. Place about 2-inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Bake the cookies until they begin to turn golden, about 30 minutes. To test for doneness, remove 1 from sheet and cut in half. There should be no doughy strip in the center. Roll the cookies in the powdered sugar while hot. Then cool on the cookie sheets. Serve after cookies have cooled.
title: Jezebel Sauce instructions: Blend all ingredients. Serve over cream cheese. Serve with crackers.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Sift together the flour and soda. Mix all ingredients together and bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Mexicali Chicken And Cheese Bake instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Grease 13 x 9-inch baking dish. In large bowl, combine chicken, 1 cup cheese, corn and soup; blend well. Spoon into prepared dish. Combine other ingredients in order listed. Mix until just moistened. Batter will be lumpy. Pour over chicken mixture. Bake 50 to 60 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese. Return to oven to melt cheese. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Serves 8.
title: Ripe Tomato Ketchup instructions: Chop all ingredients. Add seasonings, sugar and vinegar. Cook 40 minutes. Can and seal.
title: Fresh Broccoli Salad instructions: Wash and cut broccoli into bite size pieces. Combine salad dressing, vinegar and sugar; mix well. Pour dressing mixture over other ingredients and toss. Refrigerate 2 hours before serving.
title: Lemon Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Cut up chicken and place in a pan. Melt butter and squeeze fresh lemon juice into butter. Baste chicken. Sprinkle with oregano and bake at 400° for 1 hour.
title: Cherry Topsy-Turvy Pudding instructions: Cream together butter and 1 cup sugar. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add alternately with milk to creamed mixture. Pour into greased casserole dish. Combine cherries with remaining 1/4 cup sugar and 1/4 cup reserved cherry juice. Heat cherry mixture and pour over batter. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes. Serves 6.
title: Strawberry Pan Pie instructions: Mix sugar, water and cornstarch. Cook until thick and clear. Add red food coloring. Let cool. Put raw strawberries in glaze. Stir and pour in a baked crust.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Cook chicken. Saute celery, pepper and onion. Add cheese and soup. Add 1 cup chicken broth. Mix spinach with chicken mixture. Bake, uncovered, for 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Cream Tacos instructions: Fry hamburger with onion. Layer corn tortillas (cut in 1/4) in pan. Put 1 teaspoon hamburger on each piece, 1 teaspoon green chili on top of hamburger, then 1 teaspoon tomato sauce, top with grated cheese. Repeat layers until all ingredients are gone. Pour can of milk over all. Cover with foil. Bake in oven at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes until milk evaporates.
title: Scottish Shortbread instructions: Cut butter into small pieces and set aside to warm to room temperature. Grease an 8 x 8-inch square (not glass) baking pan with butter and set aside. Sift together dry ingredients in mixing bowl. Add the butter pieces and rub in with fingers. Knead mixture gently to make a soft dough. Press into the prepared pan and flatten, using fingertips. Prick all over with a fork and bake in a preheated 325° oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until a pale golden color. Cool slightly, sprinkle with a little granulated sugar and cut into 1 x 2-inch fingers. Cool on a wire rack and store in an airtight container.
title: Slaw instructions: To make dressing mix together sugar, salt, pepper, celery seed, mustard and vinegar. Add mayonnaise, slowly, stirring well. Refrigerate dressing until ready to make slaw. Cut garlic in half, rub salad bowl with cut side of garlic clove. Add cut cabbage. Pour desired amount of dressing over cabbage and mix well. Chill.
title: Hot Cheese Balls instructions: Have cheese and oleo at room temperature. Mix well together with your hands, then add other ingredients. Roll in 1-inch balls. Bake at 400° for 15 to 20 minutes on ungreased cookie sheet.
title: Pizza Cups instructions: Brown ground beef and onion. Drain. Stir in tomato sauce and seasonings. Cook 5 minutes. Place biscuits in greased muffin tins, pressing to cover bottom and sides. Spoon meat mixture into biscuits. Top with cheese. Bake at 400° for 12 minutes or until brown. Makes 20 pizza cups.
title: All-American Apple Pie instructions: If apples lack tartness, sprinkle with the 1 tablespoon lemon juice. In mixing bowl, combine sugar, flour, cinnamon and nutmeg (for a very juicy pie, omit the flour). Add sugar mixture to the sliced apples; toss to mix. Fill pastry-lined pie plate with apple mixture; dot with butter or margarine. Cut slits in top crust for escape of steam; place pastry atop filling. Seal and flute edge. Sprinkle some sugar atop, if desired.
title: Strawberry Cake With Icing instructions: Mix all ingredients well with electric mixer. Bake in layers or in long pan until done.
title: Swedish Meat Balls instructions: Combine all ingredients except jelly and sauce. Mix well and make balls. Brown in skillet. Combine jelly and chili sauce and mix well. Pour sauce over meat balls and bake in a 350° oven for 45 minutes or place in large skillet on top of stove and simmer for 20 minutes.
title: Calf Liver Braised In Wine instructions: Coat liver in mixture of flour, salt and pepper. Set aside. Saute onion in butter until tender. Add liver and brown lightly on both sides. Dissolve bouillon in boiling water. Add mushrooms, bouillon, wine and basil. Cover and simmer 15 minutes or until liver is tender. Serves 4.
title: Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: Cream together sugar	and oleo. Blend in sour cream. Add 3 eggs; blend. Add remaining 2 eggs and blend. Combine dry ingredients. Stir vanilla into milk. Add dry ingredients and milk alternately to creamed mixture. Blend after each addition (do not beat as it would incorporate too much air and lighten texture).
title: Baked Beans instructions: Combine all ingredients well in a casserole dish. Bake for 1 hour at 325°.
title: Vanilla Ice Cream instructions: Combine sugar, eggs, evaporated milk and vanilla in large mixing bowl. Add enough milk to fill freezer 3/4 full.
title: Sparkle Cutout Cookies instructions: Combine softened cream cheese, margarine, sugar and vanilla until well blended. Add flour and salt. Mix well. Chill. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut with assorted cookie cutters. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Decorate with colored sugar or icing. Bake at 375° for 8 to 10 minutes, just until edges start to brown lightly.
title: Taco Soup instructions: Mix and put in crock-pot. Cook all day. If cooked on range top, simmer 2 to 3 hours.
title: Fruit Cocktail Cake instructions: Mix all at one time, except brown sugar and pecans. Beat 3 minutes. Pour into 9 x 13 greased pan. Sprinkle with brown sugar and pecans. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Fa-La-La-La-Las instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Cream butter flavor Crisco and sugar in large bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Beat in egg, salt, vanilla and almond extract. Stir in flour. Place dough in cookie press. Press into desired shapes 2 inches apart on cooled, ungreased baking sheet. Bake at 400° for 5 to 7 minutes or until set, but not brown. Cool on baking sheet one minute. Remove to cooling rack. Makes 4 to 4 1/2 dozen cookies.
title: Orange-Coconut Pie instructions: Cream butter; gradually add sugar, beating well at medium speed of an electric mixer. Add eggs and beat until blended. Stir in orange juice, lemon extract, salt and coconut, mixing well. Pour into pie crust. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes or until a knife inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Cream butter and sugar together. Beat well. Continue beating, add eggs one at a time. Add flour and baking soda. Beat well. Add sour cream and vanilla. Pour into greased and floured tube pan. Bake one hour or maybe a little longer.
title: Company Chicken instructions: Mix first 4 ingredients together. Place chicken on top. Put a pat of butter on each piece of chicken; season to taste. Bake for 1 hour at 375°.
title: Minestrone Soup instructions: In a 2-quart saucepan, saute carrots, celery, onions and garlic in margarine. Add remaining ingredients except cheese. Simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Top each serving with Parmesan cheese. Serves six.
title: Cherry Topped Cheesecake instructions: Preheat oven to 300°. Reserve 1 cup of dry cake mix. In large mixing bowl, combine remaining cake mix, 1 of the eggs and oil (mixture will be crumbly). Press mixture in bottom of 13 x 9-inch pan for crust. Press up sides.
title: Sweet 'N' Sour Sauce instructions: Blend all ingredients together well. Use for bean salad or cucumbers.
title: Easy Taco Dip instructions: In a glass pie pan, layer all three ingredients, placing cream cheese on the bottom of the pan, chili in the middle, shredded Cheddar cheese on top. Place in microwave on High for about 5 to 6 minutes. Use nacho chips to dip with. Great for parties and snacks.
title: Monkey Bread instructions: Separate rolls. Dip each into margarine, then into sugar and cinnamon mixture. Stack unevenly in casserole or ring pan. Bake at 425° for 20 to 25 minutes. Turn out onto plate. Drizzle powdered sugar icing over top, if desired.
title: Coconut Cream Pie Or Lemon Meringue Pie instructions: Note: For lemon pie, use 1 1/2 cups milk and 1/2 cup ReaLemon, no flavoring.
title: Death By Chocolate instructions: Bake cake mix according to instructions on box. Cool completely; break into small pieces. Mix together Jell-O, Dream Whip and milk; beat well. Refrigerate 1 hour.
title: Corn Meal Muffins instructions: Sift flour. Measure and sift with baking soda, salt and baking powder. Mix with corn meal. Combine bacon fat, sugar and eggs. Add sour milk. Combine with dry ingredients. Beat only until smooth. Fill well-oiled muffin pan 2/3 full. Bake in hot oven (435°) for 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Hot Taco Rice instructions: Brown meat and onion in skillet; drain. Add salsa and tomato sauce with bouillon cube. Bring to boil, then simmer, covered, for 5 minutes.
title: Moist Devil'S Food Cake instructions: Blend all ingredients together with electric mixer on medium speed for 3 minutes. Bake in greased and floured tube pan for 40 minutes at 350°.
title: Peanut Butter Twinkies instructions: In a saucepan, bring sugar and syrup to a full boil. Remove from heat. Add peanut butter, oleo and vanilla. Add enough cornflakes to be able to press into well-buttered 13 x 9-inch pan. Cut into squares while still warm.
title: Low-Calorie Pumpkin Pie instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Lightly grease or spray a 9-inch pie pan with vegetable spray. Place all ingredients in blender, food processor or mixing bowl. Blend 1 minute or beat 2 minutes with mixer. Pour into pie pan. Bake for 50 minutes or until center is puffed up. Makes 8 servings (112 calories).
title: Zucchini Squares instructions: Mix all together and bake at 350° in a greased 9 x 13-inch pan for about 1/2 hour. Top will turn light brown.
title: Pound Cake instructions: Cream butter, Crisco and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time. Add flour, a cup at a time. Add milk, a third at a time, then mix good. Beat 3 minutes. Put in a tube pan (greased and floured). Place in cold oven. Turn to 350° and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes.
title: Chocolate Eclair Dessert instructions: Line a buttered 9 x 13-inch serving dish with half the graham crackers. Beat pudding mix and 3 1/2 cups milk in mixer bowl for 2 minutes. Fold in whipped topping. Layer half the pudding mixture, remaining graham crackers and remaining pudding mixture in prepared dish. Chill for 2 hours. Combine Choco-bake, corn syrup, vanilla and margarine in bowl; beat well. Add confectioners sugar and 3 tablespoons milk alternately, beating well after each addition. Spread over dessert.
title: Butternut Cookies instructions: Cream the butter, sugar and vanilla until fluffy. Add flour and salt. Blend well. Add nuts. Mix well and shape into 1-inch balls. Bake at 325° for 20 minutes. Do not brown. Cool and roll into confectioners sugar.
title: Hattie Coffer'S Kool-Aid Punch instructions: Make a syrup of the 1 cup of water and 2 cups of sugar. Cook until sugar is dissolved. Add the remaining ingredients. Makes about 30 cups.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Saute onion in butter until golden. Blend in flour and seasonings; cook until bubbly. Remove from heat. Add milk gradually, stirring as you add. Bring to a boil and cook 1 minute; stir constantly. Remove from heat and add corn and egg. Place in baking dish. Top with breadcrumbs. Bake for 30 minutes.
title: Becky'S Punch instructions: Mix the Kool-Aid, Jell-O, and water together. Add sugar, lemonade, and pineapple juice. Stir well and freeze. Thaw one hour before serving and add 2 liters of soda.
title: Chicken Saltimbocca instructions: Place chicken, boned side up, between two pieces clear plastic wrap. Working out from the center, pound each lightly with meat mallet to 5 1/2 x 5 1/2 inches. Remove wrap. Place a ham slice and a cheese slice on each cutlet, cutting to fit within 1/4 inch of edges. Top with some tomato; sprinkle lightly with sage. Fold in sides; roll up jelly roll fashion, pressing to seal well. Combine crumbs, Parmesan and parsley. Dip chicken in butter, then roll in crumbs. Bake in shallow baking pan at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove to platter. Blend mixture remaining in pan until smooth; serve over chicken. Serves 6.
title: Toll House Cookies instructions: Mix together shortening, brown sugar and white sugar. Sift and add flour, soda, eggs, hot water, vanilla and salt. Add oatmeal, nuts, chocolate	chips or butterscotch chips. Drop by teaspoonful on cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Chicken Tortilla Casserole instructions: Combine soups, sour cream, picante sauce and onion. Heat to almost boiling. Grease 9 x 9-inch baking pan. Break tortillas into pieces. Line pan with half of the tortillas. Spread half of chicken on tortillas and pour half of soup mixture over top. Repeat layers with remaining ingredients and top with cheese. Bake in 350° oven for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Chop Suey instructions: Brown meat and cook until tender, 2 to 2 1/2 hours. Add mushroom and onions. Cook until onions are done. Add 6 to 8 cups water, soy sauce and vegetables. Thicken with cornstarch in a mixture of 1/2 water and 1/2 soy sauce. Serve over rice or noodles.
title: Vegetable Pizza instructions: Press crescent rolls flat on baking sheet. Do not separate rolls. Bake according to package directions until golden brown. In a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, mayonnaise and dressing mix. Spread mixture on cooled crescent rolls. Top with finely chopped vegetables, spreading evenly to cover rolls. Chill until firm. (Best made a day ahead.) Serves 12 to 15.
title: Log Cabin Toast instructions: Mix sugar and cinnamon in custard cup. Toast bread. Spread with soft margarine. Sprinkle with sugar-cinnamon mixture. Cut each slice of toast into 4 strips. Put them together on plate like stacked logs to make the wall of a log cabin. Start from the top and eat all the logs.
title: Yum Yum Salad instructions: Mix together and let stand overnight in refrigerator.
title: My Caramel Rolls instructions: Combine first four ingredients and beat with electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add remaining ingredients, stirring well. Let rise once. While it rises, prepare the caramel.
title: Spanish Hamburger #1 instructions: Fry hamburger half done. Cut onion, green pepper and celery in fine pieces and add. Let simmer 1/2 hour. Add salt and pepper, then add tomato soup. Simmer 2 hours. Keep steam in for best results.
title: Turkey Vegetable Stir-Fry instructions: Combine cornstarch, ginger, chicken broth and soy sauce in a 2-cup glass measure. Stir well. Microwave, uncovered, at High for 2 to 3 minutes or until thickened, stirring every 30 seconds. Set aside.
title: Mango With Tomatoes And Scallions Or Leeks instructions: Slice mango, chunk tomatoes and slice leek; toss well. Whisk together the lemon juice and pulp, safflower oil and dry mustard; pour over mango mixture. Toss well. Serve chilled or at room temperature.
title: Vegetable Pizza instructions: Spread crescent rolls flat, bake and cut.
title: Luau instructions: Brown sausage. Remove sausage and cook the pepper, onions and celery in as little grease as possible. Boil 7 cups water. In boiling water, put soup, rice and almonds. Don't cook. Immediately stir all ingredients together. Cover and bake at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes. Stir once or twice while baking. Serves 10 to 12.
title: Ma'S Dill Pickles instructions: Pack dills and cukes in jar. Boil brine and pour over hot and seal.
title: Stir-Fried Gumbo instructions: In a large skillet, melt butter and saute bell peppers, jalapeno, onion and carrot; cook until onion is clear. Add the stewed tomatoes; stir and cook about 5 minutes. Add 3/4 cup water, stirring until mixture boils. Add meat, stirring well.
title: No Bake Chocolate Cookies instructions: Mix sugar, cocoa, milk and oleo in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and boil for 1 minute. Remove from stove and add remaining ingredients. Stir well. Drop by teaspoon on wax paper. Makes 4 to 5 dozen.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Place dry ingredients in a large bowl and mix thoroughly. Add rest of ingredients and mix well. Bake in well-greased and floured pans. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Remove from pans and cool. Makes 2 (9-inch) or 3 (8-inch) layers.
title: No Fat Rice And Vegetable Dish instructions: Spray skillet with vegetable spray and saute squash and onion until tender. Add mushrooms, tomatoes and seasonings. Cook 5 minutes. Mix with cooked rice.
title: Oyster Fritters instructions: Sift flour, baking powder and baking soda. Beat eggs well. Add buttermilk and salt and beat again. Then mix in dry ingredients and oyster juice. Add oysters and stir to coat. Deep fry at 350°.
title: Quick Coffee Cake(Double Recipe)   instructions: Mix all together. Spread in a 13 x 9-inch pan or two 8-inch pans. Sprinkle top thickly with sugar and cinnamon (is good with chopped nuts). Bake at 375° for 15 to 21 minutes.
title: Belly Buttons instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Follow directions for pie crust mix. Roll out pie crust on a flat, floured surface. Butter crust with butter or margarine. Sprinkle on brown sugar until it covers pie crust, then sprinkle cinnamon over brown sugar. Roll crust like a long, thin cinnamon roll. Cut sections 1-inch thick. Place sections on a buttered 13 x 9-inch casserole dish in an upright position so that the swirls are showing on both sides. Bake 15 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes and enjoy.
title: Tater Tot Casserole instructions: Sear meat and onion until browned; add mixed vegetables and soup and mix well. Turn into buttered casserole dish and top with Tater Tots. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Cheesy Cornbread instructions: Cook bacon in an 8-inch cast-iron skillet until crisp. Remove bacon, reserving 2 tablespoons drippings. Heat skillet with drippings in a 425° oven for 5 minutes. Combine crumbled bacon and cornbread mix and remaining 4 ingredients, stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened. Remove skillet from oven. Pour mixture into skillet. Bake at 425° for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Rice Crispy Chicken instructions: Measure Rice Krispies cereal; crush to 2 cups. Place in shallow dish. Stir in paprika. Set aside.
title: No-Fat Added Oven Fried Chicken instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Rinse chicken with cold running water; blot dry with paper towels. Coat nonstick baking sheet with vegetable cooking spray.
title: Sauerkraut Salad instructions: Mix sauerkraut, green bell pepper, celery, pimento and onion together.
title: Sour Cream Meat Loaf instructions: Combine all ingredients in large mixing bowl; blend well. Pack in a 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 hours. Serves 6.
title: Stuffed Chicken Breast instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Cook stuffing as directed on package. Slice green pepper in small strips, then cut strips in half. Mix water and soup in a bowl.
title: Meg'S Power Peanut Butter Balls instructions: Melt butter and pour over the graham cracker crumbs, confectioners sugar and peanut butter. Mix well and shape into bite size balls. Melt chocolate chips in double boiler with the paraffin. Dip the peanut butter balls in the chocolate and place on a greased cookie sheet. Mmmmmmm good!
title: Indian Meat Loaf instructions: Combine beef, pork and seasonings. Mix well. Add remaining ingredients. Place in a loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Creamy Cheese Crab Dip instructions: Mix the cream cheese, wine and garlic powder. Add the crabmeat. Bake in a casserole at 350° for about 20 minutes. Serve with crackers or toast rounds.
title: Skillet Beef And Macaroni instructions: In a skillet, cook beef and onion until the meat is browned and onion is tender. Drain. Stir in the remaining ingredients; bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until macaroni is tender, about 20 minutes. Stir occasionally, adding additional water if needed. Yields 4 to 6 servings.
title: Jiffy Beef Stroganoff instructions: Brown meat. Sprinkle onion soup mix and ginger over meat. Arrange layer of noodles over meat and add mushrooms. Pour water over noodles. Cook on low 20 minutes. Blend flour into sour cream and add to stroganoff. Cook 3 minutes.
title: Baked Cheese Sandwiches instructions: Make 4 cheese sandwiches (with 2 slices of American cheese in each sandwich). Remove crusts and arrange in baking dish. Mix eggs, milk and dry mustard and pour over sandwiches. Bake in 400° oven for 20 minutes or until brown on top.
title: Teresa'S Brisket instructions: Cover with all ingredients and refrigerate overnight in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Next morning add 1 bottle Worcestershire sauce and black pepper. Bake in 275° oven for 6 to 8 hours. Cover with barbecue sauce.
title: Heavenly Rice instructions: Cook rice. Drain off excess water. While hot, mix in drained pineapple. Add sugar to taste. Let set until cold. Whip the cream and fold into rice. Add a few marshmallows, if you like.
title: Baked Salmon Loaf instructions: You may add 1 1/2 tablespoons dill weed (fresh if possible); I don't.
title: Favorite Vegetable Soup(Low-Fat)   instructions: In 1 1/2-quart nonstick saucepan, combine onion, broth mix and garlic; cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is translucent. Add remaining ingredients and stir to combine; cover and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes. Add 2 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, cover and cook until vegetables are soft, about 20 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove about 1/2 cup vegetables from saucepan and set aside. In blender container, in 2 batches, puree remaining soup; return pureed mixture to saucepan, add reserved vegetables and heat. Makes 2 servings.
title: Sour Cream Lasagna instructions: Cook noodles according to package directions; rinse and drain. Brown hamburger in skillet. Add next 6 ingredients; mix well. Cook for 5 minutes; remove from heat. Combine noodles with cottage cheese, sour cream and green onions. Alternate layers of noodle mixture and meat mixture in 2-quart baking dish, ending with meat mixture. Top with Cheddar cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes, or until heated through.
title: Tater Tot Casserole instructions: Lightly brown ground meat and onion. Drain off fat. Spread in bottom of casserole dish. Mix cream soup with 1/2 can milk. Spread corn over meat and soup over corn. Don't stir. Sprinkle cheese over soup. Cover top with frozen Tater Tots. Bake at 325°, covered, about 30 to 40 minutes, or longer if potatoes are not done.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Grease 9 x 13-inch pan. Combine pecans and coconut; sprinkle in bottom of pan. Pour prepared cake mix over pecan and coconut mixture.
title: Raw Gluten instructions: Mix whole wheat flour with water into a firm texture. Make sure all flour is mixed well (medium to firm dough). Let set for 45 minutes (no less). Put dough in a colander and while running cold water, continually squeeze dough to wash out starch from mixture. Continue to squeeze dough, while at the same time, making sure dough stays firmly together. Keep rinsing until all graininess is removed and water is clear from rinsing. Cover with water until ready to use. Yield: 1 pound.
title: Lemon Chicken And Zucchini instructions: Skin, split and bone chicken breasts. Skin and bone thighs. Cut chicken into 1-inch pieces. Blend chicken broth into cornstarch; stir in soy sauce and sugar. Set aside.
title: Meat Balls instructions: Mix beef, sweet relish, garlic powder, onion powder, onion salt and egg. Form into balls. Put into bag of Shake 'N Bake. Cover good. Cook at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Butternut Chewies instructions: Beat eggs until light and foamy. Beat in sugar, vanilla and margarine until creamy. Combine flour, baking powder and salt. Add to egg mixture. Mix until blended. Stir in nuts. Mixture will be stiff. Spread in 13 x 9-inch greased pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Makes 2 dozen.
title: Tennessee Tea instructions: Put all ingredients in gallon pitcher. Finish filling with water. Stir. Chill or serve over ice.
title: Apple Waldorf Salad instructions: Chop apples; do not peel. Sprinkle with lemon juice. Add celery, yogurt, pecans and spices. Serve on purple cabbage or lettuce leaf. Makes 4 servings. Calories: 61.8. Fat grams: 1.405.
title: Jackie'S Coconut Pie instructions: Melt margarine. Add eggs and sugar to margarine and beat. Add buttermilk and mix thoroughly. Add vanilla and coconut. Mix thoroughly. Pour into 2 deep dish pie shells. Bake at 300° for 1 hour.
title: Navy Bean Soup instructions: Mix all ingredients in a large Dutch oven. Add water, if needed to reach your favorite consistency. Cook until vegetables are tender, but not mushy! Makes 6 servings.
title: Layered Banana Pineapple Dessert instructions: Mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar and margarine in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Press evenly onto bottom of pan. Arrange banana slices on crust. Beat cream cheese in large bowl with wire whisk until smooth. Gradually beat in milk. Add pudding mixes. Beat until well blended. Spread evenly over banana slices. Spoon pineapple evenly over pudding mixture. Spread with whipped topping over pineapple. Refrigerate 3 hours or until ready to serve.
title: Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Saute the onion in the butter until translucent. Add the potatoes and combine. Add the lemon juice, thyme and salt. Mix well.
title: Herb Butter instructions: Cream butter and lemon juice. Beat in herbs, salt and pepper and chill. Use on corn-on-the-cob or other vegetables.
title: Turnip Greens instructions: Wash greens in cold water to remove grit or any dirt. In a large pot filled 3/4 full of water, add the bacon grease and salt. Bring to a boil. Add the greens by the handful to the pot, letting them have a little time to start to cook down before adding more. When pot is full, you will need to poke the greens down for a few minutes as they like to come to the top of the pot and run over. Add 1/4 teaspoon of baking soda to the greens to take the bitterness out. Cook at a boil until greens are tender, perhaps a half hour. Drain well. While greens are draining in the colander, cut them up using two knives.
title: Bourbon Balls instructions: Beat butter in medium-size bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in gradually 10x confectioners sugar. Slowly beat in bourbon. Chill 1 hour or until mixture is stiff enough to shape. Roll into 1-inch balls. Arrange in single layer on wax paper-lined tray. Chill 1 hour. Melt chocolate in top of double boiler over simmering water. Remove chocolate from heat; cool until a good dipping consistency. Dip bourbon balls with 3-pronged fork halfway into chocolate. Return to wax paper-lined tray. Place pecan half on top of each ball. When all the bourbon balls have been dipped, return tray to refrigerator. Chill about 30 minutes or until firm. Makes about 3 dozen.
title: Pinto Beans instructions: Look over beans and remove all split beans and gravel (if any). Rinse well. Put into 2 to 3-quart saucepan. Add ginger; bring to boil and cover with lid. Cook until beans have swollen and turned color, about 1 hour. Add grease and salt and continue to cook, keeping water about 1-inch above beans at all times. When beans begin to get tender, add sugar and cook until very tender.
title: Cook While You Sleep Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Beat egg whites until foamy; add salt and cream of tartar. Beat until stiff. Add 2 tablespoons of sugar at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in vanilla, chocolate chips, nuts and coconut. Drop by teaspoon onto foil lined cookie sheets. Put in the oven and turn off oven immediately. Do not open the door for at least 8 hours. Carefully remove cookies from foil. Makes 40 to 50 cookies.
title: Chili Spaghetti instructions: Fry mango and onion with piece of butter, then brown ground beef in same skillet. Pour tomato sauce and chili powder in. Let simmer together about 20 minutes.
title: Cherry Delight instructions: Into a medium size bowl, put in pineapple. Add dry jello. Stir. Then add cottage cheese. Stir and finally add Cool Whip. Stir. Refrigerate.
title: Banana Split Dessert instructions: Combine cracker crumbs and 6 tablespoons melted butter, mixing well. Press crumb mixture into bottoms of a 13 x 9-inch pan. Combine 1/2 cup butter, sugar, vanilla and eggs. Beat until fluffy. Spread sugar mixture over crumb layer. Slice bananas lengthwise. Arrange over sugar mixture. Spoon pineapple over bananas. Cover pineapple layer with whipped cream. Sprinkle with nuts. Garnish with cherries. Chill for 6 hours before serving.
title: Strawberry Salad instructions: Add water to Jell-O. Stir to dissolve. Add strawberries, bananas and pineapple. Pour half into pan. Let harden.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Beat eggs. Mix eggs, corn syrup, sugar, peanut butter and vanilla together. Pour into unbaked pie crust. Bake at 350° for 45 to 60 minutes, until top is brown and crisp.
title: Foolproof Fudge instructions: In a heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chips with milk. Remove from heat, stir in remaining ingredients. Spread evenly in 8-inch square dish. Chill 2 hours before cutting, then store at room temperature. Makes 1 3/4 pounds.
title: Hamburger Party Balls instructions: Mix well. Shape into balls. Roll in remainder of Shake 'n Bake and bake in 350° oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until done. Toothpicks can be put in balls when done.
title: Pigs In Blanket instructions: Wrap wiener rolls around hot dogs and cook as directed on package. Serve warm with mustard. (Can be done ahead of time and warmed in microwave.)
title: Fresh Tomato Salsa instructions: Combine all ingredients, stirring gently; cover and chill.
title: Fresh Apple Cake #2 instructions: Mix oil, sugar and eggs in bowl. Beat until creamy. Add a little at a time the flour, salt, soda and baking powder. Add apples, nuts, coconut and vanilla. Bake for 1 hour in angel food pan at 350°
title: Pumpkin Pie Dessert instructions: In a bowl, combine the cracker crumbs, sugar and butter. Press into a greased 9x13 pan. Set aside. In a bowl, whisk milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes. Stir in pumpkin and spices. Spread over crust. Refrigerate for 3 hours or until set. Garnish with whipped topping and nuts.
title: Vermicelli Salad instructions: Make the night before and refrigerate.
title: Two Potato Bake instructions: Coat an 11 x 13 x 2-inch baking dish with vegetable cooking spray. Layer 2 cups sweet potatoes in half of dish. Layer 2 cups of red potatoes in other half. Sprinkle evenly with onion. Drizzle with 1 1/2 tablespoons of oleo. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon of salt and 1/8 teaspoon of pepper. Repeat procedure with remaining potatoes, oleo, salt and pepper.
title: Spinach Dip instructions: You can also add some shrimp or crab meat or both.
title: Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Lightly grease a 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix soup, sour cream and chives together. Layer in pan the potatoes, soup mixture and cheese. Repeat, ending with grated cheese on top. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Pork Chop Dinner instructions: Layer ingredients in a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Pour envelope of dry onion soup and 2 cups of water over top. (For richer broth, add another envelope of onion soup and one more cup of water.) Lay foil over top and bake at 350° for 2 hours.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix first nine ingredients. Saute 5 minutes butter, almonds and corn flakes. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Cabbage And Noodles instructions: Cut cabbage and boil until tender. Boil noodles until tender. In a frying pan, saute onions in butter. When onions are tender, add cabbage and noodles. Keep stirring and adding butter, if needed, so it doesn't stick. Add salt and pepper to taste.
title: Scalloped Tomatoes(Heart Smart)   instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. In a 1-quart casserole sprayed with nonstick cooking spray, place tomatoes in juice. Stir in green pepper, onion, garlic, basil and pepper. In a small bowl, combine bread cubes and margarine; sprinkle over tomatoes. Bake about 30 minutes until hot and bubbly. Makes 4 servings.
title: Hobo Dinner instructions: Shape hamburger into patty. Place vegetables on top of hamburger (which is in the center of a 12-inch square piece of foil). Season with salt, pepper and butter. Fold ends of foil in a drugstore wrap. Bake at 400° for 1 hour. Serves 1 person.
title: Monkey Bread instructions: Put pecan pieces and maraschino cherries into bundt pan. Add the 1 c. granulated sugar in a plastic bag along with the 2 tsp. cinnamon. Toss a few of the biscuit quarters in the mixture and put into bundt pan. Continue coating all the biscuit pieces. Heat margarine or butter, brown sugar, and 1 Tbsp. cinnamon. Pour over the biscuits. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Cool 15 minutes, then, turn out onto cake dish. Serve warm.
title: Mixed Up Marinade instructions: Stir all ingredients together. Pour over steaks. Marinate at least 2 hours. Grill or broil steaks as usual.
title: Banana Nut Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Fit 12 muffin cups with paper liners. Coat each with cooking spray. Mix flour, walnuts, wheat germ, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg in large bowl. Stir in bananas, milk, butter and egg. Mix just until blended. Using an ice cream scoop, fill muffin cups evenly with batter. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar, if desired. Bake muffins until a skewer inserted into centers comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Cool 1 minute, then remove from the muffin pan and cool on a wire rack. Makes 1 dozen muffins.
title: Fudge Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients together and pour into greased and floured pie pan. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Brazilian Coffee Cookies instructions: Mix shortening, sugars, egg, vanilla and milk until fluffy. Sift dry ingredients together. Add to sugar mixture; mix thoroughly. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Flatten to 1/8-inch thickness. Bake at 400° for 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned.
title: Quick-Energy Pickups instructions: Crush graham crackers. Mix remaining ingredients in a bowl. Shape teaspoonfuls of mixture into 1-inch balls. Roll the balls in the graham cracker crumbs until coated. Refrigerate until firm.
title: Chicken With Rice(Arroz Con Pollo)   instructions: Mix salt, garlic, oregano, tomato sauce, tomatoes, peppers, onion, achiote, olives and capers. Add the chicken and cook for a few minutes. Add the rice and water. Stir and cook until the water has been absorbed, then cover until the rice is done. Serve hot. Garnish with strips of pimentos and peas.
title: Puff Pancakes instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Grease a 10-inch cast-iron or ovenproof skillet. Beat eggs and add rest of ingredients. Beat until smooth. Pour into skillet and bake 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350° and bake 10 to 15 minutes or until puffy and golden brown. Serve with Vanilla Cream Syrup. Serves 6.
title: Easy Hot Dish instructions: Brown hamburger with onion and celery. Mix with remaining ingredients. Put in oven dish and bake, uncovered, until thoroughly heated. Or keep it warm in frying pan on top of stove.
title: Hot Spiced Tea instructions: Mix together; makes 2 cups.
title: Easy Spaghetti instructions: Saute onion, garlic and parsley in olive oil until soft; add meat and seasonings. Brown lightly. Blend in remaining ingredients and simmer for approximately 1 hour. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Cashew Chicken instructions: Cut chicken breast into thumb sized cubes; marinate in a soy sauce/sherry mixture for 4 to 6 hours (overnight is better).
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Saute the pepper and onion in the margarine. In large bowl, combine the can of corn with the liquid, the creamed corn, the eggs and the muffin mix. Add the pepper and onion mixture and mix well. Pour into a well-greased 2-quart casserole. Top with the grated cheese. Bake at 350° for 55 to 65 minutes.
title: Rhubarb Crumble instructions: Mix brown sugar, oats, flour, butter and cinnamon. Press 1/2 of mixture into a 9-inch square pan. Cover with rhubarb. Mix sugar and cornstarch together. Add water and vanilla. Cook until thick and clear. (Add 3 drops red coloring.) Pour over rhubarb. Sprinkle remaining brown sugar mixture on top. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Top with whipped cream or ice cream.
title: Skillet Pineapple Upside-Down Cake instructions: Melt butter in skillet. Spread brown sugar evenly over butter. Place 1 slice of pineapple in center of the skillet. Arrange other slices around the center slice. Place a cherry in center of each pineapple slice. Cover with the following batter.
title: Kim'S Chicken Alfredo Pizza instructions: Make pizza crust according to directions. If you use a pizza stone, sprinkle with cornmeal before rolling out crust. Cover crust with sauce and all ingredients, ending with cheese. Bake at 450° for 15 minutes.
title: Don Hill'S Lasagna instructions: Cook hamburger, onion and bell pepper until tender and meat is no longer pink. Add garlic, spaghetti sauce, salt and pepper; set aside. Cook egg noodles in pot until almost tender. Layer casserole dish with half of noodles. Spread half of sauce mixture over noodles. Layer with half of each of the cheeses. Repeat the layering: noodles, sauce, Mozzarella cheese and Cheddar cheese with Parmesan cheese on top. Bake in oven until brown.
title: Layered Salad instructions: Layer first four ingredients in order shown. Combine sugar, mayonnaise and cheese. Put on top. Refrigerate several hours and toss before serving.
title: Apple Cream Coffee Cake instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Mix in separate bowl 1/2 sugar, cinnamon and walnuts. In large bowl, mix soft butter or margarine and sugar. Beat until light and fluffy. Add eggs and blend well; add vanilla. Sift together flour, baking powder, soda and salt. Mix into creamed mixture alternately with sour cream. Spread half mixture into greased 10-inch tube pan. Add sliced apples all around. Sprinkle with half cinnamon mixture. Add rest of batter, then top with remaining cinnamon mixture. Bake 45 minutes.
title: Apple Crunch instructions: Mix apples with brown sugar in baking pan and set aside. Mix flour, sugar, salt and cinnamon; set aside. Beat egg. Mix with flour mixture. Spread over fruit. Pour margarine over top. Bake at 375° for about 45 minutes until lightly browned. Serve warm.
title: Ambrosia instructions: Combine pineapple, oranges, grapes, marshmallows, coconut and nuts. Mix together sour cream and sugar. Stir sour cream mixture into fruit mixture. Chill.
title: Chocolate Covered Cherries instructions: Cream butter. Beat in marshmallow cream, salt and flavoring. Add confectioners sugar gradually, mixing well after each addition. Turn onto waxed paper and knead well. Refrigerate one hour. Drain cherries. Roll in fondant, covering completely. Chill balls in refrigerator. Melt chocolate in double boiler. Dip chilled fondant into chocolate and place on waxed paper to set.
title: Pork Medallions instructions: Combine olive oil and garlic in blender or food processor. Process, then add rosemary and whirl 1 minute more.
title: Coconut Kisses instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Beat egg whites at high speed until foamy. Gradually add sugar, one tablespoon at a time, beating until stiff peaks form. Fold in vanilla, cereal, coconut and nuts. Drop by tablespoon on a foil lined cookie sheet. Place in oven and immediately turn off oven. Do not open door for 8 hours. Carefully peel cookies from foil. Store tightly sealed. Yield: 3 dozen.
title: Lemon Chess Pie instructions: Combine sugar and eggs. Toss together flour and cornmeal, then add to egg mixture. Add milk gradually, then butter and lemon juice. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake for 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Beat margarine and sugar until creamy. Add eggs, milk and vanilla and beat well. Add flour, baking soda and salt. Mix well. On ungreased cookie sheet, drop by tablespoonful. Bake at 375° for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool one minute before removing from cookie sheet. Cool completely on cooling rack.
title: Dirty Pudding instructions: Crush cookies and place half of them in 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix together Cool Whip, cream cheese and powdered sugar. Mix pudding and milk in separate bowl. Combine both mixtures and pour over crumbs. Spread remaining crumbs over top. Refrigerate before serving.
title: Pickled Bologna instructions: Boil ingredients together for 10 minutes. Remove skin from 2 rings bologna--slice--pack in a glass jar.	Pour hot syrup over meat. Put lid on jar and refrigerate. Ready to use the next day. Can also use small party hotdogs.
title: Nutty Oven Fried Chicken instructions: In shallow mixing dish, combine biscuit mix, pecans and seasoning. Mix well. Dip chicken in milk. Coat generously with pecan mixture.
title: Wayne'S Cajun Bean Soup instructions: Cook potatoes, celery and onion until tender. Add beans, tomatoes, soup, chili powder and smoked sausage. Simmer and serve.
title: Grandma'S Cheesecake(New York Style)   instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Melt butter; add sugar and graham cracker crumbs. Mix and line spring-form pan for crust. Room temperature cream cheese; sour cream leave out several hours before mixing. Beat cream cheese, sour cream, sugar, egg yolks and vanilla.
title: Preacher Cookies instructions: Put sugar, butter and milk in a heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil and boil for 3 minutes while stirring constantly. Remove from heat. stir in cocoa, oats and vanilla. Mix well. Drop by teaspoon onto waxed paper. Cool 30 minutes. Yields 3 dozen.
title: Punch Bowl Cake instructions: Make cake as directed in 2 layers. Make pudding as directed.
title: Sour Cream Apple Pie instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Place pie shell on cookie sheet. In medium bowl, combine sugar, flour, spices and salt. With pastry blender or two knives, cut butter into sugar mixture until crumbly. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons on bottom of shell. Arrange apple slices in overlapping rows in shell. Sprinkle each row with a few drops of lemon juice and remaining sugar mixture. (Apples will round slightly in pie shell.) Bake 25 minutes. Spoon and spread sour cream over top. Bake 15 minutes longer. Makes 1 pie.
title: Meat Loaf instructions: Mix all ingredients thoroughly. Spread in ungreased loaf pan, 9 x 5 x 3-inch. Bake in 350° oven for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Cumin Rice Dish instructions: Saute onion, pepper and rice in bacon fat until brown. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Turn heat down and simmer 30 to 40 minutes, covered.
title: Prune Punch Cake instructions: Grease and flour a 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix all of the ingredients and pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350° until done. Remove cake from oven and top with 2 teaspoons sugar mixed with the juice of an orange to make 1/3 cup. Put on top of cake while warm. Mix sugar and cinnamon to sprinkle on top, if desired. Cool and cut into squares. Serve with Cool Whip.
title: Danish Cake instructions: Mix shortening, sugar, eggs, flour, soda, salt, buttermilk, orange juice, nuts, dates, orange rind and vanilla. Bake in a tube pan at 350° for 1 1/4 hours. When done, while still hot, pour sauce over cake.
title: Sherried Beef instructions: Mix the onion soup mix, celery soup and sherry; pour over meat in large casserole or roasting pan. Cover; bake at 325° for 3 hours. Stir occasionally. Add water if needed. Quick and easy!!
title: Hot Fruit Punch instructions: Combine all ingredients in glass bowl. Microwave on High for 12 to 14 minutes or until hot, about 160°.
title: French Potato Soup instructions: Peel and cut potatoes into bite size pieces. In large pan, put enough water to first cover potatoes. Cook until done. Add milk, salt and pepper. In small skillet, lightly saute onions in melted Parkay. Add to potato mixture and simmer for about 20 minutes, stirring often.
title: Walla-Walla Onion Pie instructions: Prepare and partially bake a crust to fit a 9-inch pie pan using a basic pie dough recipe. Saute onions in oil and butter over low heat until golden yellow. Beat together eggs, half and half, flour, salt, pepper and nutmeg, then add onions and half of the grated cheese. Pour into crust; sprinkle remaining cheese on top and bake at 375° for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Garnish with parsley. Serves 4.
title: Coal Flowers instructions: Place a piece of coal in a clear glass bowl.
title: Raisin-Walnut Bread instructions: In small saucepan, bring raisins, soda and oil to a boil. Remove from heat and set aside to cool. In large bowl, beat eggs, sugar and vanilla well. Add cooled raisin mixture with flour and salt and egg mixture. Stir until well mixed. Bake in buttered 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes or until it tests done.
title: Sausage Stars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Blot sausage dry with paper towels. Combine with cheeses, salad dressing, olives and red peppers. Lightly grease a mini muffin tin and press 1 wrapper in each cup. Brush with oil. Bake 5 minutes until golden. Remove from tin. Place on a baking sheet and fill with sausage mixture. Bake 5 minutes until bubbly. Makes 4 to 5 dozen.
title: Dijon Chicken instructions: Lightly sprinkle chicken with salt, pepper and garlic powder. Combine sour cream and mustard in a shallow dish, mixing well. Dip each chicken breast into mustard mixture and dredge in breadcrumbs. Arrange chicken in single layer in baking pans. Bake at 375° for 50 minutes.
title: Sweet Potato Or Pumpkin Cake instructions: Beat with spoon. Sift dry ingredients. Bake in Bundt pan 1 hour and 5 minutes at 325° for pumpkin; 1 1/2 hours with potatoes or until done.
title: Bouillabaisse instructions: Cook onions and leeks	slowly in the oil until tender, but not browned. Add other ingredients to onions and cook, uncovered, at a moderate boil for 30 minutes.	Strain the stock, add salt and pepper to taste. Add clams and mussels to stock first, cover	pot and bring to boil. Cook about 5 minutes or until some of them begin to open, then add fish. Wait about 3 minutes, then add scallops and prawns. The soup is ready when the shellfish is open and the prawns are pink (don't wait for a boil or cook too long). Taste continually and serve immediately when done. Serve with crusty French bread and Rouille (recipe follows).
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Grease and flour or "Pam" the bottom and sides of a 9 x 13-inch cake pan. Spread the coconut and pecans in the bottom of cake pan; add cake mix on top. Cream together the cream cheese, oleo and confectioners sugar. Drop the creamed mixture by spoonfuls over the unbaked cake. It will pretty much cover the top of the cake. Bake in a 350° oven for 45 minutes. It will look like a disaster, but taste great!
title: Ham Cheese Ball instructions: Cream the cream cheese and mayonnaise and add rest of ingredients except pecans. Chill 2 hours, then work into a ball and roll in chopped nuts. Serve with Wheatsworth crackers or Sociables.
title: Orange Julius instructions: Put in blender. Add crushed ice until desired thickness. Add enough milk to fill blender, approximately 1 cup.
title: Quick Potato Salad instructions: Add potatoes to boiling water; cook 14 minutes or until tender. Drain. Toss with remaining ingredients. Refrigerate.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Cream margarine and sugar; add eggs. Sift flour, baking powder and salt together. Add flour mixture and milk to creamed ingredients, then add mashed bananas, nuts and vanilla. Pour into a greased loaf pan or bake as cupcakes. (Makes 2 dozen cupcakes.) Bake at 350°. Cook the loaf for 45 minutes, cook the muffins for 25 minutes.
title: Smooth-N-Creamy Frosting instructions: Combine pudding mix, sugar and milk. Beat slowly with electric mixer until well blended. Fold in Cool Whip. Spread on cake at once. Makes about 4 cups or enough for two 9-inch layer cakes.
title: Plattar(Swedish Pancakes)   instructions: Sift flour into bowl. Add sugar and salt. Add eggs and milk gradually, stirring until well blended let stand 2 hours. Heat Swedish pancake pan (or ordinary pancake pan) and butter well. Beat batter again. Pour by tablespoonfuls into sections of pan and fry on both sides until nicely browned. Place on very hot platter; serve immediately with Lingonberries.
title: Rhubarb And Orange Marmalade instructions: Wash and cut up rhubarb. Measure 6 cups of sugar. Mix well and let stand 2 hours or more. Wash and grind up 2 oranges and add to rhubarb and sugar. Boil about 20 minutes.
title: Chinese Chicken Salad instructions: Cook saifon, a little at a time, in 1-inch of hot oil. Cook until noodles "explode." Turn and cook other side. Remove and drain on paper towel. Thinly slice the lettuce, cucumbers, celery, bell pepper, scallions and radishes. (Please improvise on salad if you wish.) Put in large bowl and refrigerate. Toast sesame seeds until lightly browned.
title: Shirley Temple(Nonalcoholic Mixed Drink)   instructions: Fill a Collins or highball glass with ice. Add grenadine and fill with ginger ale. Garnish with a maraschino cherry and an orange slice. Makes 1 serving. Preparation time: 2 minutes.
title: Nannaw'S Jam Cake instructions: Sift dry ingredients together. Dissolve soda in buttermilk. Cream butter, sugar, jam and eggs with mixer. Add dry ingredients alternately with liquid. Bake in 3 greased and floured 9-inch pans at 350°. Put frosting between layers and on outside of cake.
title: Marinated Cucumber And Sweet Onion Salad instructions: Slice cucumbers and onions. Combine and sprinkle with 1/2 of salt. Set aside. Combine other ingredients in a saucepan and heat (hot but not boiling). Pour over vegetables; let cool and refrigerate until ready to serve.
title: Irish Stew instructions: Mix together in a crockpot and let simmer on low several hours. You can also cook on low in a pot on the stove. You can experiment and add other vegetables that you like as well. It is really easy and delicious. Serve with garlic bread and salad.
title: Flaky Pie Crust instructions: Mix all ingredients into a bowl. Pour onto floured surface. Cover with flour and shape into a ball.
title: Frozen Salad instructions: Cream cheese and add pineapple. Slice in marshmallows and nuts. Fold in whipped cream. Put in cupcake holders in muffin tins. Freeze. Will keep up to 6 months.
title: Doughnuts instructions: Mix ingredients together. Cut and fry in hot grease at 375°. Cook about 1 minute on each side.
title: Holiday Broccoli instructions: Cook broccoli with bouillon cubes and water until just tender. Heat celery soup. Pour hot soup over broccoli. Garnish with cheese and pimento. Serve at once. Makes 6 servings.
title: Crystal'S Cherry Delight instructions: Simply sprinkle graham crackers on bottom of pan. Mix cream cheese and Eagle Brand together. Spread over graham crackers. Put cherry pie filling on top. Refrigerate. Ready to eat 2 hours later.
title: Pretty Party Punch instructions: Mix together all the ingredients. (Make sure the Sprite and grape juice are chilled.) You can also float slices of lemon on top.
title: Vinegar Pie Crust instructions: Combine flour, sugar and salt. With a pastry blender, cut shortening into flour. In a small bowl, combine water, vinegar and egg. Beat this mixture. Pour liquid mixture into flour mixture. Use a fork to lift ingredients until enough moisture is spread to form a ball with your hands. This makes a flaky and tender pie crust and forms much easier than most.
title: Macaroni Pie instructions: Boil macaroni for 8 to 10 minutes in salt. Drain, do not rinse. Pour into mixing bowl; add cheese, beaten egg, milk and pepper. Mix well. Pour into casserole dish, dot with butter. Bake at 450° until brown.
title: Ice Cream instructions: Mix sugar, eggs, evaporated milk, condensed milk and vanilla flavoring. Pour into freezer, then add whole milk to top. Freeze. (Two cups of fruit may be added into mixture to create your favorite flavor.)
title: Power Cookies instructions: Cream sugars, butter and shortening. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Combine flour, salt and soda; beat into first mixture. Add remaining ingredients; knead mixture.
title: German Potato Salad instructions: Boil potatoes whole with skins on. Cool. Peel and slice. Set aside. Fry bacon and save 1/4 cup grease. Cook onion in bacon grease. Add seasonings, vinegar and 1 cup water. Stir and cook until bubbly. Add rest of ingredients and stir. Serve warm.
title: Zucchini Relish instructions: Put zucchini, onion and salt in large bowl and mix well. Let stand overnight. Drain and rinse in cold water; drain again. Put mixture in a large kettle with remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally for 30 minutes. Pour into jars and seal. Process in boiling water bath for 5 minutes.
title: Vienna Coffee instructions: Put all ingredients into blender container. Cover and process until well blended. Use 1 level tablespoon with 6 ounces boiling water for each cup.
title: Strawberry Bottom Cheesecake Pie instructions: Beat cream cheese until smooth. Gradually beat in sugar. Add sour cream and vanilla. Fold in whipped topping. Spread thin layer of glaze over bottom of crust. Place strawberry slices on glaze and cover with remaining glaze. Gently spoon cream cheese mixture over glazed berries. Cover with inverted dome and chill until set, at least 4 hours. Store leftover pie in the refrigerator.
title: 7-Layer Cookies instructions: Melt margarine, cover bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan with graham crackers (single layer). Drizzle margarine over graham crackers. Then, in layers, add coconut, chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, drizzle milk over and add pecans. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Let cool and cut into squares. Do not overcook!
title: The Clergy Special instructions: Lift telephone receiver. Push 633-6655 for Plus One Pizza. Turn T.V. on. Sit in chair. Wait 20 to 30 minutes. The Clergy Pizza special will be a sure way to please the entire family!
title: Thomas Jefferson'S Macaroni And Cheese Pudding instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Melt butter in a saucepan. Stir in flour and blend well over low heat. Stir in milk slowly. Bring to boiling, stirring constantly. Cook 1 minute. Add 1 1/2 cups cheese and stir to blend. Add macaroni. Stir in salt and pepper. Pour into a well-buttered 2-quart casserole. Top with the remaining 1/2 cup of cheese. Bake in oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until top is golden brown. Serves 6.
title: Broccoli Almond instructions: Cook broccoli in boiling, salted water. Drain thoroughly. Cook onion in 1/4 cup butter until soft. Blend in flour, then milk. Cook, stirring constantly until thickened. Stir in cheese spread, salt and pepper until thoroughly blended. Remove from heat. Add cheese mixture to eggs, a little at a time, stirring constantly. Stir in broccoli. Place in a greased 1 1/2-quart casserole. Toss crumbs with melted butter and sprinkle on top. Top with almonds. Bake in a slow oven (325°) until set, 40 to 45 minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Blueberry Muffins instructions: Cream sugar and butter with electric mixer at low speed. Add milk, egg, 2/3 cup flour, baking powder, salt, spices and vanilla. Blend well. Add remaining 2/3 cup flour and stir just until moistened. Fold in blueberries. Fill paper lined muffin cups 3/4 full. Bake at 375° for 20 to 30 minutes. Yields 1 dozen.
title: Baked Pork Tenderloin instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Place pork roast in shallow roasting pan; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange bacon on pork. In small saucepan combine apple juice, cinnamon and cloves; bring to boil. Remove from heat; brush pork with spiced apple juice. Bake for 1 1/2 to 2 hours or until tender, basting frequently with spiced apple juice.
title: Spinach Layer Salad instructions: Wash spinach; let dry. Place layer of broken up spinach in glass 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Cover with sliced hard-boiled eggs. Pour bacon bits over; pour in peas. Slice bits of red onion on top. Mix mayo and sour cream together, then frost top like cake. Grate Swiss cheese on top. Refrigerate 24 hours.
title: Hot Crab Meat Dip instructions: Mix together all ingredients and bake at 300° for 35 minutes. Serve with crackers.
title: Baked Cabbage instructions: Grease a 13 x 9-inch pan. Cut up cabbage in medium pieces. Spread on bottom of pan. Brown meat and onion. Stir in rice, salt and pepper. Spoon over cabbage. Heat tomato soup and water to boiling. Pour over mixture. Cover with foil. Bake in oven at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Mixed Vegetable Casserole instructions: Cook frozen vegetables 15 minutes. Drain. Add remaining ingredients. Put in casserole dish. Top with bread crumbs. Cook for 20 minutes in a 350° oven.
title: Taffy Apple Salad instructions: Drain pineapple. Save juice. Add 2 cups marshmallows. Mix well. Refrigerate overnight. Cook pineapple juice, 1 egg (well beaten), 1 1/2 tablespoons vinegar, 1/2 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon flour until thick. Will not be real thick. Refrigerate overnight.
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together (no mixer needed). Pour into a 9 x 13-inch sheet cake pan. Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes at 350°.
title: Chicken & Spaghetti Casserole instructions: Cook spaghetti, set aside. Cook chicken breasts, cool and chop. Cook in 2 tbsp oleo, onions, bell pepper, and celery. Add tomatoes and 2 cups chicken broth, red peppers, and garlic salt. Cook 20 minutes. Add spaghetti, boned chicken and 1/2 tbsp chopped cheese.
title: Old Fashioned Strawberry Shortcake instructions: Mix sugar and flour. Add shortening and blend until smooth. Beat about 3 minutes. Add eggs; beat 1 minute. Add flavoring last. Beat about 3 minutes with electric mixer. Line pan with wax paper and grease well. Bake at 400° for about 15 minutes. Makes 3 layers. Stack with seven minute icing. Place strawberries on top of cake and let run down sides of cake. Very good.
title: Chicken, Broccoli And Cheese Casserole instructions: Boil chicken breast off of bone; salt and pepper. Remove skin. Boil broccoli in 1/2 cup of water 2 minutes and drain. Cube chicken; mix broccoli, cheese soup and milk together. Pour in bottom of dish. Put drained broccoli on top of chicken mixture. Add finely grated cheese on top. Bake in a 350° oven until cheese melts.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Place butter in baking dish in 350° oven until melted. Mix together sugar, milk and flour in bowl. Pour in baking dish over melted butter. Open peaches and pour off juice. Place peaches in baking dish. Put in oven at 350° for 1 hour or until top is brown. Makes its own crust.
title: Party Wieners instructions: Mix mustard and jelly together. Place in crock-pot. Put in little Smokies. Cook on high until good and hot or you can cook on low all day.
title: Cabbage Soup instructions: Melt butter or margarine in large soup kettle and cook cabbage and onions for about 15 minutes, stirring to keep from sticking. Sprinkle with flour and mix well. Gradually add water, while stirring; heat until mixture reaches boiling point. Add all other ingredients and simmer over low heat for about one hour. Serves 8. Easy to prepare and simply delicious on a cold day. Best served with a pan of corn bread.
title: Cherry Congealed Salad instructions: Blend together and refrigerate.
title: Hot Sauce(To Can)   instructions: Scald and peel tomatoes. Cut up or mash with hands. Put on to cook. While tomatoes cook, peel and grind the onions and hot peppers. Add to tomatoes. Cook until very thick. Cook slowly toward the last, so it doesn't stick. Put in jars and seal. I prefer 1/2-pint jars.
title: Yellow Cake(Delicious With Just A Dusting Of Powdered Sugar.)   instructions: In a bowl combine flour, sugar and baking powder. Add milk, margarine and vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until combined. Beat on high speed for 2 minutes. Add eggs and beat 2 minutes more. Pour into 2 greased and floured 9 x 1 1/2-inch round baking pans. Bake in a 375° oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the centers comes out clean. Cool on wire racks for 10 minutes. Remove from pans. Cool thoroughly on racks. Serves 12.
title: Microwave Zucchini-Beef Bake instructions: In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add zucchini slices and cook turning often until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer zucchini slices to paper towels to drain briefly. Arrange overlapping slices in a microwave-safe (9-inch) square baking dish.
title: Pumpkin Dream Pie instructions: Prepare Dream Whip with 1/2 cup milk and the vanilla as directed on the package. Combine 1 cup of the prepared Dream Whip with the Jell-O instant pudding, 2/3 cup milk, pumpkin and spice. Beat slowly with mixer until well mixed. Pour into pie shell. Chill in refrigerator until set, about 2 hours. Top with remaining Dream Whip. Serves 6.
title: Dill Rye Bread Dip instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Tear all the meat into small pieces and mix into dip. Cut round circle in top of bread and remove like a lid. Dip inside of bread out and save. Pour dip into hollowed out bread. Place bread on a platter and put your bread saved around the bread dip.
title: Lucy Policella'S Ricotta Cheese Cake instructions: Bake cake mix as directed. Cool down and cut in half. (You can use a 9 x 13-inch pan.) Beat Ricotta cheese with approximately 1/2 cup of sugar. Add chocolate mini morsels. Sprinkle rum on bottom half and add Ricotta mixture in the middle. Top with other half of cake. Take whipping cream whip and add sugar to taste. Spread on top and sides of cake. Refrigerate. Best if made the day before.
title: Brown Rice instructions: Saute rice in butter in a large frying pan until dark brown. Add onion when rice is about 1/2 browned. Add mushroom soup and bouillon. Stir. Simmer on low, stirring occasionally, until liquid is absorbed (about 20 to 30 minutes).
title: Jane'S Cheese Cake instructions: Beat together the cream cheese, eggs, vanilla and 1/2 cup of sugar. Pour into a crumb crust. Bake 15 minutes at 350°. Cool for 15 minutes.
title: Tomato Soup Cake instructions: Pour in greased and floured 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 325° for 40 to 50 minutes. Frost with cream cheese frosting.
title: Spicy Home Fried Potatoes instructions: Boil potatoes until just cooked through, not mushy. Cut into small bite sized pieces. Melt butter in skillet and saute onion over medium heat about 5 minutes. Add potatoes and cook about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Use your own judgment on the amount of each spice. I cover the potatoes with a thin layer of each, enough so I can actually see the spice and equal amounts of each with the exception of the paprika which I go a little heavy on and the salt which I go lighter on. Enjoy, but be careful, they can be hot! Makes 4 servings.
title: Hot Sausage Pick-Ups instructions: Melt cheese over hot water. Add and work in biscuit mix and sausage. Shape into bite-sized balls. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Freeze unbaked balls. Take out and bake as needed. When using frozen, baked at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Light And Crunchy Chicken Salad instructions: In medium bowl, combine all ingredients (except cheese). Mix well. Cover and chill well. Just before serving, add cheese. Serve on lettuce. Garnish with apple slices and pepper rings. Refrigerate leftovers.
title: Peanut Butter Fudge instructions: Mix together first 5 ingredients in a double boiler. Cook over boiling water, stirring frequently, for 15 to 20 minutes or until thick.
title: Scotch Broth instructions: In a large kettle combine soup bones, water, peppercorns and salt. Cover and simmer for 2 1/2 hours or until the meat comes easily off bones. Remove bones. Strain broth. Cool and chill. Skim off fat. Remove meat from bones. Dice meat and return to broth, along with remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Cover and simmer about 1 hour or until vegetables are barely tender. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Peaches And Cream Cheesecake instructions: Combine and beat 2 minutes the flour, baking powder, salt, butter, milk, egg and pudding. Pour into 9-inch greased pie plate. Drain peaches; place on batter.
title: Ragu Cheese Potatoes instructions: Peel, slice, then boil potatoes. Drain. In 9 x 13 baking dish, lay half of potatoes in dish; sprinkle with shredded cheese to cover lightly, then sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper, then pour remaining potatoes. Pour entire jar of Ragu cheese sauce, then another layer of shredded cheese and the 1 1/2 cups milk. Sprinkle salt and pepper to taste. Bake in 350° oven approximately 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot and enjoy.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Arrange bread in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Top with chicken; cover with mushrooms and chestnuts. In bowl, beat eggs; blend in milk, mayonnaise and salt. Pour over chicken. Arrange chicken on top. Add soups and pimentos. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Crumble bread crusts; toss with melted oleo. Bake for 1 1/4 hours at 325°. Let stand 10 minutes.
title: Cherry Wink Cookies instructions: Combine shortening and sugar. Blend in eggs, milk, vanilla, cherries and dates. Sift together flour, soda, salt and baking powder. Add to other mixture. Shape into balls; roll in crushed corn flakes. Bake at 375° for 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Chocolate Icing instructions: Mix and boil two minutes. Beat until thick enough to put on cake.
title: Bourbon Pound Cake instructions: Cream butter and gradually add 2 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Separate eggs. Add yolks one at a time, beating mixture thoroughly after each addition. Add extracts, then add cake flour alternately with bourbon, mixing well. Set aside.
title: Beef And Green Beans instructions: Heat oil in wok or frying pan. Stir-fry garlic and onion 1 minute. Add beef; stir-fry 5 minutes. Remove meat. Add beans and water. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Return beef and add remaining ingredients. Serve with hot rice and soy sauce.
title: Persimmon Cookies instructions: Beat persimmon pulp, baking soda and shortening until creamy. Add well beaten egg. Sift flour and spices, add dry walnuts and raisins. Drop by teaspoons on greased baking sheets. Bake at 375° for 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Apple Hermits instructions: Put raisins in a bowl of hot water to plump, then drain. Cream shortening and brown sugar together until fluffy. Add molasses and blend in well.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and cloves. Add oil, eggs, walnuts and baby food. Bake in a 13 x 9 1/2-inch pan in a 350° oven until done. Test with toothpick in 1/2 hour and until done. Cream Cheese Icing is best but you may use white icing.
title: Cornbread Dressing instructions: Break both kinds of bread in small pieces. If chicken stock is available, use enough to moisten breads (if not use water). Heat butter in skillet and add meat, onions, bell pepper, pepper and garlic. Cook until meat is done. Add seasonings. Mix lightly, add bread to mixture. Toss lightly with fork and add eggs; toss again. Put in a greased baking dish and bake 30 minutes at 350 degrees.
title: Black-Eyed Mullet instructions: Break fish into bite sized portions and set aside. Mash peas lightly, just until they are broken. Combine peas, onion, pepper, garlic, pepper sauce, salt and vinegar in a saucepan and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to low, add mullet and cook until heated through. Serve immediately. Serves 6.
title: Sparerib Sauce instructions: Mix all ingredients together and spread over ribs.
title: Chilled Peanut Soup instructions: Combine peanuts and 1 can of broth in container of blender; process until smooth. Pour into a large saucepan. Add remaining 2 cans of broth, half and half and chili powder. Bring to a boil over medium heat; stir often. Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes. Chill. Yields 6 cups.
title: Cabbage Rolls instructions: Scald the heads of cabbage in boiling water. Cutting away the leaves, put a big serving spoon of filling in each leaf and roll. Chop remaining cabbage and put in pan with the sauerkraut (washed and drained). Add the Ragu and 1 jar water or make your same sauce you would for spaghetti. Cook on top of stove for 1 1/2 hours or in oven for 1 1/2 hours. Cook 6 to 8 and freeze the rest. Makes 40 rolls.
title: Broccoli Rice Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli 6 to 8 minutes on High or until done. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine soup, rice, cheese and margarine.	Cook for 5 to 7 minutes or until cheese melts and can be blended easily.	To cheese mixture, add onion and broccoli; stir thoroughly. Pour into an 8-inch dish (Pyrex). Cook on High for 10 to 12 minutes, rotating dish 1/4	turn after 5 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes, or cook	this in oven at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Easy Chicken Cacciatore instructions: Cube chicken into bite-sized pieces. Put olive oil, 1 Tbsp. butter and the chicken into a saute pan on medium heat. While sauteing chicken, add a dash of garlic powder, a dash of onion powder and Italian seasoning to taste. Once the chicken is cooked through, add in the tomatoes, olives and mushrooms. Check flavor and add additional seasoning as needed. Let simmer about 10 minutes.
title: Pineapple Cake instructions: Mix together. Bake in 3 layers or an oblong pan for about 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Ambrosia Mold instructions: Drain pineapple, reserving liquid. Add cold water to liquid to measure 1 cup. Stir boiling water into gelatin in large bowl 2 minutes or until completely dissolved. Stir in measured liquid. Refrigerate 1 1/4 hours or until slightly thickened (consistency of unbeaten egg white). Stir in whipped topping with wire whisk until smooth. Refrigerate 10 minutes or until mixture will mound. Stir in oranges, pineapple, marshmallows and coconut. Spoon into 6 cup mold. Refrigerate 4 hours or until firm. Unmold. Makes 10 servings.
title: Cranberry Souffle instructions: Mix gelatin and salt thoroughly in small pan. Add water and stir constantly over medium-low heat until gelatin is dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice and rind. Chill in refrigerator. While gelatin is chilling, beat egg whites, gradually adding sugar and beating after each addition. Set aside. Remove chilled gelatin from fridge and beat it up a little until fluffy if too firm. Add cranberry sauce, then fold the mixture into the egg whites. Add oranges and nuts. Pour into a lightly greased mold and chill thoroughly. When ready to serve, dip mold in warm water and invert on plate.
title: Bourbon Sweet Potatoes instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients, mixing well. Spoon mixture into a lightly greased 1 1/2-quart casserole. Cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight. Remove from refrigerator; let stand 30 minutes. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 25 minutes. Remove from oven; top with marshmallows. Bake an additional 7 minutes or until marshmallows are golden. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Dry Meat Seasoning instructions: Mix together and use to season your favorite meat.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Leave cream cheese out to soften. Microwave or fry bacon until crisp. Drain. Wash and dry mushrooms on paper towels. Remove stems, leaving just the caps. Crush bacon in cream cheese and mix together. Add Lawry's seasoned salt, just enough so you can taste it in the mixture.
title: Party Mints instructions: Cut bananas in half. Beat egg and roll banana in egg, then roll in fine bread crumbs. Fry in oil.
title: Reuben Casserole instructions: In a 9 x 13-inch baking dish, layer buttered noodles, sauerkraut, corned beef (broken in pieces) and tomatoes. Dot with Thousand Island dressing; sprinkle with Swiss cheese. Bake, covered, at 350° for 40 minutes. Uncover; sprinkle crushed rye crackers on top. Bake 10 minutes more until bubbly. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Cheese And Chilies instructions: Beat eggs and milk together. Add green chilies and mix well. Add grated Swiss and cheddar cheeses. Pour into 8x9-inch square pyrex dish. Sprinkle monterey jack cheese on top. Bake at 350° for 30 mins. or until bubbly and brown on top. Serve with crackers.
title: Rhubarb Cake instructions: Place rhubarb in a well-greased 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Sprinkle Jell-O over rhubarb, then follow with the sugar and marshmallows. Pour prepared cake mix over the top and bake at 350° for an hour or until tester comes out clean. Wait about 5 minutes and then take a sharp knife and cut carefully around the outside of cake. Turn cake out onto a heavy piece of aluminum foil which has been placed on a cookie sheet. Be sure cookie sheet is large enough. Foil must be long and wide enough. Turn edges up to form a rim. Place pan with foil on it and invert carefully. Cool to serve. Top with whipped cream. Makes 12 to 16 servings.
title: The Best Sweet And Sour instructions: Cook peppers and onions in oil until tender-crisp. Blend syrup drained from pineapple with vinegar, sugar, water, catsup and cornstarch. Add to vegetables and cook, stirring until sauce boils and thickens. Add drained pineapple. Serve over fried chicken or leftover chunked pork that has been fried or fried tofu chunks. Serves 6 to 8.
title: English Toffee Bars instructions: Line a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan with aluminum foil. Grease well. Arrange crackers on bottom of pan, breaking, if necessary, to completely cover pan. Combine brown sugar and margarine in a medium pan. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until mixture boils. Remove from heat; pour over crackers. Bake in a 400° oven 5 minutes. Remove from oven. Immediately sprinkle with chocolate pieces. When chocolate is soft, spread over top of sugar mixture. Sprinkle with nuts. Chill in the refrigerator 30 minutes. Break into bite size pieces. Makes 24 to 36 pieces.
title: Fruit Cobbler instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Cream sugar and butter. Add egg and beat well. Stir in milk. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add sugar mixture and beat smooth. Stir in vanilla. Spread evenly over bottom of 8-inch square baking pan. Mix peaches, honey, boiling water and margarine. Pour on top of batter. Cake will rise to the top during baking.
title: No Bake Cookies instructions: Mix sugar, milk, margarine and cocoa. Bring to boil. Let boil over medium heat for 2 minutes. Remove from heat, then add peanut butter, nuts, oats and vanilla. Drop by teaspoon onto waxed paper. Let cool. Yields approximately 36 cookies.
title: Cream Cheese Rolls instructions: Mix all ingredients and spread lightly on tortilla. Roll the tortilla tightly. Place rolls on plate and cover with plastic wrap. Chill in refrigerator overnight. Slice and serve.
title: Wedding Bell Lemonade Punch instructions: Combine juices and keep chilled. When ready to serve, add other ingredients and stir gently. Yields 50 (4 ounce) servings.
title: Zucchini Bread instructions: Blend first 5 ingredients and set aside. Mix dry ingredients. Mix dry ingredients with wet ingredients until blended. Optionals can be added if desired. Pour batter into greased and floured loaf pans and bake at 325° for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Yields 2 loaves.
title: Barbecue Turkey Loaf instructions: Combine 1 cup stuffing mix, vegetables, water and butter. Let stand 5 minutes. Combine remaining stuffing mix, turkey, eggs and 1/4 cup of barbecue sauce. Mix well. Spoon a third of turkey mixture into baking dish and shape into 8 x 4-inch rectangle. Cover with half the cheese. Spoon vegetable mixture in center. Cover with remaining cheese. Pat remaining turkey mixture over cheese and shape into a loaf. Brush with remaining barbecue sauce. Conventional oven: 350° for 45 minutes. Microwave Oven: Cook High 5 minutes. Rotate dish half turn; cook 5 minutes longer. Let stand 5 minutes.
title: Haupia instructions: Cook over medium heat until thickened. Pour into a greased 9-inch pan.
title: Onion Casserole instructions: Place in casserole, onion on bottom, soup, almonds, cornflake crumbs and butter on top. Bake uncovered, at 350 degrees for 1 hour.
title: Warm Apple Crisp instructions: Mix together apples, 1/3 cup sugar, cinnamon, salt and melted butter. Place in greased 8-inch square baking dish; set aside.
title: Hamburger And Macaroni Casserole instructions: Brown hamburger and onion. Cook macaroni in 2 quarts salted water, then drain. Add 2 cans tomato soup to the hamburger and macaroni. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Can be covered with cheese, then heated until cheese melts. Can add chopped celery or peppers to hamburger as well.
title: One-Rise Monkey Bread instructions: Grease a 12-cup fluted tube pan or a 10-inch tube pan. In large bowl blend 1 1/2 cups flour, sugar, salt, yeast, water, margarine and egg at low speed until moistened. Beat three minutes at medium speed. Stir in remaining flour by hand. Knead dough on floured surface until smooth, about 1 minute. Press or roll dough to 15 x 12-inch rectangle. Using sharp knife, cut dough into diamond-shaped pieces by cutting into 2 inch strips diagonally across dough. In shallow pan melt 1/3 cup butter. Dip each piece of dough in melted butter and place in prepared pan, making layers. Sprinkle each layer with poppy seeds. Cover; let rise in warm place until light and doubled in size, 45 to 60 minutes. Heat oven to 375°. Bake 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in pan 2 minutes. Invert into serving pan. Makes a 10-inch pull apart loaf.
title: Easy "Apple Festival" Pie(Microwave)   instructions: Put apples in microwave dish.	Mix 1/2 cup of the brown sugar with the apples and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon of the cinnamon. Mix flour, oats, 1/2	cup sugar, margarine, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and nutmeg together until crumbly; sprinkle over apples. Microwave uncovered on High for 6 minutes; rotate dish 1/2 turn. Microwave uncovered another 5 minutes.
title: Dressed Eggs instructions: Cut eggs in half. Take out yolks. Mash yolks with fork until smooth. Add the rest of the ingredients; just enough salad dressing to get the right smoothness. With a knife, put yolks back in egg whites. Sprinkle top.
title: Strawberry Pizza instructions: Crust: Mix first 4 ingredients. Press into a rectangular pan. Brown lightly at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Combine dry ingredients and make a hole in the center. Add oil, water, eggs and pumpkin; mix together. Pour into 4 small greased loaf pans. Bake at 350° for 55 minutes. If desired, raisins can be added to mixture.
title: Santa Fe Nachos instructions: Top tortilla with cheese. Place a slice of sausage on each chip. Microwave until cheese melts. Garnish with peppers and olives. Serve with guacamole and tomatoes.
title: Frozen Raspberry Salad instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in hot water. Add raspberries and stir until berries separate. Cream the cream cheese and gradually blend in sour cream and cranberry sauce. Stir gelatin mixture in gently and add dash of salt. Freeze in glass dish until firm. Cut into squares and serve with or without extra sour cream.
title: Coconut Chews instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Cream shortening and confectioners sugar. Blend in flour. Press mixture in bottom of ungreased baking pan (13 x 9 x 2-inches). Bake 12 to 15 minutes. Mix remaining ingredients; spread over hot, baked layer. Bake 20 minutes longer. While warm, spread with Orange-Lemon Icing. Cool. Cut into bars about 3 x 1-inch. Makes 32 bars.
title: Rice-Broccoli Casserole instructions: Saute onion and celery in shortening until soft. Cook rice and broccoli separately according to directions. Mix all ingredients together in a 2 quart buttered baking dish. Bake at 375° for 10 minutes. May be prepared in advance and stored in refrigerator before baking. Diced cooked chicken breast may be added for variety.
title: Party Mix instructions: Heat oven to 250°. Mix cereals, pretzels and nuts in oblong pan 13 x 9 x 2-inch. Blend butter and seasonings and pour over cereal mixture. Mix well. Bake 30 minutes stirring gently after 15 minutes.
title: Fettucini With Lemon Vegetables instructions: Cook noodles; cook vegies in butter over medium heat for about 7 minutes and toss with lemon peel. Heat milk and cream cheese in skillet until smooth; stir in Parmesan and toss with noodles. Serve with vegies on top.
title: Easy Banana Pudding instructions: Prepare pudding as directed on package. Stir in Cool Whip. Layer bottom of 9 x 13-inch dish with vanilla wafers. Top with 1/2 of the bananas. Pour 1/2 of the pudding mixture over that. Add another layer of vanilla wafers and bananas. Pour on remaining pudding mixture. Top with vanilla wafers. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
title: Apricot Nectar Cake instructions: Combine cake mix, apricot nectar, oil and sugar. Add eggs, 1 at a time. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Chicken Or Turkey Casserole instructions: Mix first 5 ingredients together and add to chopped chicken or turkey. Top with crushed Ritz crackers. Chip butter on top and bake at 300° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Strawberry Salad instructions: Mix Jell-O with 2 cups boiling water, then add rest of water. Let set until it begins to thicken. Add fruit and nuts. Let stand until firm. Spread Cool Whip on top. Refrigerate.
title: Maple-Bacon Oven Pancake instructions: Heat oven to 425°. Grease and flour 9 x 13-inch pan. Beat all ingredients except bacon and 1 cup cheese with hand beater. Pour into pan. Bake, uncovered, for 10 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle pancake with bacon and cheese. Bake until the cheese is melted (3 to 4 minutes). Serves 8 to 10.
title: Coca-Cola Pork Chops instructions: Place the pork chops in a baking pan; season with salt and pepper. Mix catsup and Coca-Cola and pour over pork chops. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Bake in 350° oven for 1 hour.
title: Fruit Salad instructions: Cook pudding in fruit juices until it boils. Pour over fruit. Eat immediately or refrigerate. Also great with vanilla ice cream.
title: Dirty Rice instructions: Bring 8 cups water and 1 tablespoon salt to boil. Add rice. Cover. Bring back to full boil. Turn off heat. Leave covered on burner 30 minutes. Saute meat. Saute vegetables. Combine with cooked rice. This makes a lot. Can cut recipe in half.
title: Sunday Dinner instructions: Put all ingredients in roasting pan in order given. Cover and bake at 325° to 350° from 8:30 a.m. until you get home from church. I skin my chicken to remove as much fat as possible. Serve with salad or applesauce.
title: Chocolate Macaroon Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar, cocoa and margarine; press firmly on bottom of a 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Bake 10 minutes.
title: Chicken Breasts In Lemon Sauce instructions: Cut each chicken breast horizontally to make 2 thin slices. Coat with flour. Heat butter in 12-inch skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken and garlic in butter for 4 to 6 minutes, turning once until chicken is brown. Add wine and lemon juice. Sprinkle with pepper. Heat until hot. Sprinkle with capers.
title: Spaghetti Meat Sauce instructions: Brown ground beef in small Dutch oven, stirring until it crumbles; drain well. Stir in tomato sauce, water, dried onion flakes, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder and pepper. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Cover, reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add spaghetti sauce and simmer uncovered 20 minutes. Cook spaghetti as package directs and drain. Spoon meat sauce over cooked spaghetti. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Yields 4 servings.
title: Old Fashion Punch instructions: Just before serving, add ice ring and 2 quarts chilled 7-Up. Add sliced oranges and maraschino cherries for decoration.
title: Dill Dip instructions: Mix ingredients together. Let sit for 1 hour.
title: Zucchini Stew instructions: Heat oil in large saucepot; add zucchini, peppers, onions and tomatoes. Cover with lid. Do not add water as water cooks out of zucchini. Cook until zucchini is soft, about 1 hour. Add green beans last. Especially good served with cooked smoked sausage or ham.
title: Party Potatoes instructions: Prepare mashed potatoes as you normally would, but do not use salt. Add the package of Ranch dressing mix to your potatoes.
title: Gran'S Toll House Cookies instructions: Sift flour once before measuring, then sift with soda and salt. Cream shortening until soft. Add sugars gradually, creaming until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Add hot water to creamed mixture, then sifted dry ingredients. Add nut meats, Nestle chocolate and oatmeal and mix thoroughly. Add vanilla and blend well. Drop by half teaspoons on a greased cookie sheet. Nut meats may be omitted. Bake at 375° for 8 minutes. Makes 100.
title: Hominy Casserole(Large Recipe; Make Half)   instructions: Butter dish; cook onion in oleo. Add soup, hominy and Cheez Whiz. Pour into buttered dish; crush Fritos to top the casserole. Cook at 350° until it bubbles, about 35 to 45 minutes.
title: "Glop" instructions: Cook and drain pasta. While it's cooking, heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp, peppers, mushrooms, garlic and basil. Cook, stirring frequently, to prevent sticking, until shrimp are cooked through and peppers are almost tender (3 to 4 minutes). Stir in tomatoes and picante sauce; simmer 2 to 3 minutes (stirring frequently). Add pasta; mix well. Serve with cheese and additional picante sauce, if desired.
title: Poached Chicken Breast In Wine instructions: Place chicken between two sheets of heavy-duty plastic wrap. Flatten to 1/4 inch; set aside. Combine wine and next 4 ingredients in a large skillet; bring to a boil over high heat. Arrange chicken in a single layer in skillet. Cover, reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes or until chicken is tender. Remove chicken to serving plate. Combine cornstarch and water; stir into skillet. Bring mixture to a boil; boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Pour sauce over chicken. Yields 4 servings.
title: Quick Spanish Rice Casserole instructions: Brown meat and onion. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add rice and beans; heat to boiling and put in casserole. Top with cheese and serve with Doritos and a salad. Great for camping.
title: Glazed Pecans instructions: 1st bowl - Combine water and egg white and beat until frothy but not stiff. 2nd bowl- Mix together sugar, salt, and cinnamon; set aside. Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Pour pecans into egg white and stir with a large serving spoon until the nuts are evenly coated. Add sugar mixture. Spread on large cookie sheet that has been sprayed with Pam and bake at 300 degrees for 30 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes-including after the last 15 minutes. Pour onto waxed paper until cooled. Store in an airtight container.
title: Crock Pot Pizza instructions: Brown meat with onions and peppers and drain. Add sauce and simmer. Cook noodles and drain. Layer meat, noodles, mushrooms, cheese and pepperoni in crock pot. Cook on low for 90 minutes.
title: Summer Squash Casserole instructions: In a saucepan cook sliced squash and chopped onion in boiling salted water for 5 minutes. Drain. Combine soup and sour cream. Stir in shredded carrot. Fold in drained squash and onion. Combine stuffing mix and butter or margarine. Spread half of stuffing mixture on bottom of 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Spoon vegetable mixture on top. Sprinkle remaining stuffing over vegetables. Bake in 350° oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until heated through.
title: Green Jello Salad instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in 1 cup boiling water. Add 1 cup cold water. Mix with other ingredients and chill until set.
title: German Potatoes instructions: Brown onion in hot butter; add potatoes, parsley and seasonings. Barely cover with hot water; cook in covered pan until potatoes are tender. Serves 6.
title: Fullabull'S Shepherd'S Pie instructions: Brown meat and onion; drain well. Place in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Pour the mixed vegetables (drained) over the meat mixture. Mix 2 envelopes of gravy mix; pour over the meat and vegetable layers.
title: Sauteed Bananas instructions: Peel bananas, cut in half lengthwise, and again cut in half crosswise. Sprinkle with flour. Saute in butter until delicately brown. Drain. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar.
title: Never Fail Jello Salad instructions: Dissolve jello with boiling water, then dissolve marshmallows partly in jello mixture. Add the rest of the ingredients and put in a mold or any pretty glass dish. Remember, do not drain pineapple.
title: Fruit Cobbler instructions: Melt margarine. Put in 2-inch deep dish. Add fruit of your choice. Mix together sugar, milk and flour. Mix well and pour over fruit. Do not stir. Cook until brown or fruit is done at 350° (approximately 30 minutes).
title: Poppy Seed Cake instructions: Beat first 6 ingredients for 2 minutes. Then add cake mix and pudding. Beat for 2 additional minutes. Grease Bundt pan. Pour in batter. Dust top with cinnamon-sugar. Bake at 350° for 45 to 55 minutes. When cool, sprinkle with powdered sugar.
title: Magloubeh instructions: Soak the rice for 1 hour in warm water. Cook the meat in water. Remove the meat and add a little butter or margarine in the water. Put this water left over with the rice. Fry the eggplant and cauliflower with cooking oil. In a large pot, put the meat in the bottom, then the eggplant and cauliflower, then the rice and water from meat on top. Cover pot and cook to a boil until the water begins to dry (about 15 to 20 minutes). Turn heat down to low until it is all dry. Turn heat off and let set for 20 to 30 minutes. Turn upside down on a platter. Serves a lot. Serve with yogurt or salad.
title: Whole Wheat Carrot Cake instructions: In large mixing bowl blend oil and sugars until mixed. Add vanilla and beat in eggs, one at a time. In another bowl blend dry ingredients. Add to egg mixture until well blended. By hand, stir in carrots and walnuts. pour into greased and floured tube or Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes. Cool in pan; invert on serving plate and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Could use glaze or cream cheese icing.
title: Pickled Squash instructions: Soak squash, onions and peppers in salt water 1 hour. Drain and rinse well.
title: Pasta Salad instructions: Dice and mix all ingredients together.
title: Vegetable Burger Soup instructions: Brown meat and drain off fat. Stir in 2 cups of water and remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cover. Simmer 20 minutes. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Corn Light Bread instructions: Mix ingredients and pour into a regular size loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Let cool before serving.
title: Salad Luncheon Beans instructions: Do not drain any beans; mix together. Brown beef and onion; drain. In a 2-quart baking dish, mix together with all beans and beef, catsup, mustard, brown sugar and Worcestershire sauce. Bake on low heat for 5 to 6 hours.
title: Crustless Pumpkin Pie instructions: Beat eggs. Add the next 6 ingredients and mix well. Add milk. Butter or oil a deep 9-inch pie pan. Pour mixture into pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour. Cool thoroughly before cutting.
title: D'S Danish instructions: Mix flour, sugar, salt, and	oleo as for pie crust. Dissolve yeast in warm milk; add to eggs.	Mix dry and liquid ingredients thoroughly and refrigerate overnight.	Then bring to room temperature and turn out on floured board. Knead well. Rest a bit (self and dough). Divide dough into 4 parts. Roll one part thin as for pie crust; brush with melted butter. Sprinkle with sugar, cinnamon, nuts and/or raisins. You can also spread with	a filling such as poppy seed or dates (as for jelly roll). Roll tightly. Bake as is or cut 3/4 inch slices and bake in	muffin	tins. Bake at 375° about 20 minutes. Sugar/lemon icing may be used. Repeat with other 3 parts of dough.
title: Picnic Potato Salad instructions: Coarsely dice potatoes and eggs with salt, pepper and celery seed. Add diced cucumbers, onion, carrots, celery and pickles/relish. Mix salad dressing/Miracle Whip with mustard and pour over mixture. Toss until well coated, adding more salad dressing as needed. Add bacon bits or shredded cheese and garnish with tomato wedges.
title: Ribbon Layer Jello instructions: Dissolve Knox gelatine in 1/2 cup cold water; put aside. Bring to a boil, milk and sugar. Add gelatine mixture, sour cream and vanilla. Beat until thick, about 10 minutes, with electric mixer. Separate this into 3 parts. Layer jello in desired order. (Red on top for Christmas or green on top for St. Pat's day. Christmas layers are green, white mixture, orange white mixture, yellow white mixture and red.) Let each layer set 45 minutes before adding next layer. Mix each jello separate before making layers. Time consuming but very decorative.
title: Chicken Fettucini instructions: In double boiler, melt butter with bouillon cubes. Mix in shallots, cream, mushrooms, pepper and Parmesan cheese. Simmer until mushrooms are soft and cheese is melted. Add cooked chicken; heat until warm. Pour sauce over noodles, tossing gently. Garnish with additional Parmesan cheese and parsley.
title: "Spicy" Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cut nuts and fruits into pieces. Add flour to it.
title: Lemon Chip Cookies instructions: Mix first 4 ingredients. Pack in 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake 15 to 20 minutes at 350°. Mix last 6 ingredients. Pour on top of baked bottom. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Cool; cut in squares.
title: Pineapple Pie instructions: Sift sugar and flour together. Mix all ingredients together; pour into raw crust. Bake 40 minutes or until thickened in 300° oven. Beat egg whites. Add 3 tablespoons sugar and beat until stiff. Spread over pie and brown.
title: Persimmon Pudding instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Melt margarine in large rectangular pan. Mix all ingredients together; add melted margarine. Mix. Pour batter into pan margarine was in. Bake one hour at 325°.
title: Pie Crust instructions: Mix dry ingredients (flour, sugar and salt). Add Crisco. Add and mix egg, vinegar and ice water. Makes 2 double crusts.
title: Cajun Crawfish Cornbread instructions: In bowl, combine cornmeal, salt and soda. In medium bowl, beat eggs; chop onions and jalapeno peppers. Grate cheese and add beaten eggs, onions, peppers, cheese, oil, corn and crawfish tails. Combine this mixture with cornmeal mix and mix well. Pour into greased 12 x 14-inch baking dish. Bake at 375° for 55 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Fat-Free Banana Crunch Muffins instructions: About 40 minutes before serving or early in the day: Preheat oven to 350°. Spray 24 mini muffin pan cups (1 3/4 x 1-inch) with nonstick cooking spray. In medium bowl, mix first 6 ingredients. In large bowl with wire whisk or fork, mix bananas, yogurt, egg substitute and vanilla; stir in flour mixture just until moistened. Spoon batter into muffin pan cups. Bake muffins 20 minutes or until tops are golden and toothpick inserted in center of muffins comes out clean. Remove from muffin pan cups to wire racks. Serve muffins warm or let cool on wire racks to serve later. Makes 24 muffins. Each muffin contains 55 calories, 0 g fat, 0 mg cholesterol and 65 mg sodium. Calories from fat: 0%.
title: Chili Con Carne instructions: Brown onions and meat; drain. Add other ingredients; simmer. It's ready when you're ready, but even better the second day.
title: Spaghetti Casserole instructions: Brown hamburger, onion and pepper in skillet and drain. Mix all the ingredients together in 9 x 13-inch dish. Sprinkle top with grated Cheddar cheese. Bake for 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Cold Bread Pudding instructions: One mixing bowl of crumbled up cold biscuits soaked in sweet milk. Add butter, sugar and eggs. Spray your pan with Pam, pour in mixture. Bake at 375° until done. About 1 hour.
title: Persimmon Cake instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Mix together the persimmons and baking soda; set aside. Mix together the butter, sugar, vanilla and lemon juice; set aside. Mix together the flour, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves; set aside. Blend butter mixture with flour mixture. Add persimmon mixture. Add raisins and nuts. Put in 1 large loaf pan or 2 small loaf pans. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes for large loaf or 30 minutes for small loaves.
title: Graham Cracker Cake instructions: Mix sugar, eggs and margarine in bowl, then add cracker crumbs. Add coconut, pecans, cherries and vanilla. Add baking powder in the milk and pour into batter. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: No Bake Cookies instructions: Put oleo, cocoa, sugar and milk in saucepan. Bring to a boil. Boil one minute. Add oatmeal, peanut butter and vanilla. Mix well. Drop by spoonfuls onto waxed paper. Chill.
title: Butterscotch Squares(Servings:  4)   instructions: Cream margarine and sugar on medium speed for 5 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, and vanilla. Mix on low speed until blended. Combine dry ingredients. Add to creamed mixture. Mix on low speed until blended. Add nuts; mix to blend. Spread mixture evenly in 2 greased 12 x 18 x 2-inch baking pans. Bake at 325° for 25 minutes. Cut 5 x 6-inch. Yield: 60 portions.
title: Sausage And Egg Quiche instructions: Brown sausage and drain off fat. Beat eggs. Add in cheeses and sausage. Pour into pie shells. Bake 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Date Nut Balls instructions: Cook butter, dates and sugar until very thick. Add remaining ingredients. Mix. Cool until lukewarm. Roll into balls, then roll in sifted confectioners sugar.
title: Broccoli Cheese Soup instructions: In a large saucepan, saute onion in butter. Add flour and stir to make paste. Gradually add chicken broth and milk. Cook until mixture thickens, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add carrots, celery and broccoli; heat through. Add cheese; heat until cheese is melted and vegetables are tender. Yield: 6 to 8 servings (2 quarts).
title: Sausages And Seashells instructions: Prick the sausages with a sharp fork, cover with cold water and bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, about 10 minutes; drain and dry. Slice in rounds. Heat the oil in a skillet and add the sausage, onion, garlic and parsley. Cook, stirring often, until meat and vegetables are golden brown, then add tomatoes and tomato sauce. Simmer covered while you prepare pasta. Drain pasta and mix with sausage and sauce.
title: Barbara Mandrell'S Four Layer Dessert instructions: Combine flour, nuts and melted margarine and mix well. Press into bottom of 11 3/4 x 7 1/2-inch baking dish. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Cool. Combine softened cream cheese and powdered sugar and mix well until blended. Fold in whipped topping. Spread over crust. Chill. Prepare chocolate pudding; mix as directed on package. Spread over cream cheese mixture. Prepare vanilla pudding mix as directed on package and spread over chocolate pudding. Cut into squares and garnish with additional whipped topping and chopped nuts.
title: Zucchini Bread instructions: Beat eggs; add oil, sugar and vanilla. Mix well. Add crushed pineapple. Sift dry ingredients. Stir in zucchini. Mix well all ingredients. Pour into loaf pans. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 45 minutes.
title: Corn Crepes instructions: In blender combine eggs, egg yolks, milk, flour, cornmeal, sugar and salt. Blend until smooth. Mixture should be consistency of unbeaten whipping cream. Set aside in refrigerator at least 1 hour. Remove batter from refrigerator and stir well with whisk. Heat 9-inch nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Rub lightly with butter. Pour about 1/4 cup of crepe batter in center of pan, tilting and angling pan to spread batter evenly over entire bottom. Return pan to heat and cook 1 minute, until top of crepe appears dry. Turn crepe and cook briefly on opposite side. Remove to plate and repeat until all batter is used. Leftover crepes can be stored in refrigerator wrapped in plastic wrap 2 days. Makes 12 crepes.
title: Spaghetti Salad instructions: Cook spaghetti. Dice vegetables together. After spaghetti is cooked and cooled, add vegetables, salad seasonings and Italian dressing. Mix. If making for next day, wait and add tomatoes that day.
title: Ham Balls instructions: Roll in balls and bake 10 minutes.
title: Low Cholesterol Ice Cream instructions: Beat Scramblers in large bowl. Mix in evaporated milk, sugar and vanilla until sugar dissolves. Pour into freezer and add enough 2% milk to fill 1 gallon freezer. Freeze and enjoy. Can add 3 bananas, 1 pint strawberries or 6 peaches.
title: Glop instructions: Slice potatoes and onion. Put on bottom of pan. Drain green beans and put on top. Layer hamburger over beans. Pour celery over hamburger. Place biscuits on top. Spread cheese soup over biscuits. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Spanakopeta(Spinach Squares)   instructions: Saut onions in butter until soft. Add spinach and saut a few minutes longer; cool. Add cream cheese, Feta, eggs, salt and pepper; mix well. Place 10 layers of phyllo pastry sheets in a 12 x 16 x 2-inch pan, brushing each sheet well with melted butter. Add spinach mixture, then place another 10 layers of phyllo, buttering each sheet. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Cut into squares before serving. You can brush the spanakopeta with a slightly beaten egg before baking for a nice luster. I use margarine as all butter is very rich.
title: Hot And Spicy Chicken instructions: Combine chicken, corn, broth, celery and onion. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer for 15 minutes, uncovered. Add salsa. Stir 2 tablespoons water into cornstarch. Add to chicken mixture. Cook and stir until bubbles. Cook an additional 2 minutes. Prepare cornbread according to package. Pour chicken mixture into a 10 x 6 x 2-inch dish. Sprinkle with cheese and jalapeno peppers. Spoon cornbread on top. Bake for 20 minutes at 425°.
title: Oven Swiss Steak instructions: Shake 1 tablespoon flour in the oven cooking bag. Add all ingredients to bag and squeeze to mix. Tie bag and place in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Slit bag with 6 (1/2") cuts to vent. Bake at 325° for approximately 2 hours. Slit open and put back in pan to serve.
title: Monster Cookies instructions: Makes lots of cookies!!!
title: Garlic Cheese Ball instructions: Let cheese soften to room temperature, then blend both cheeses together until thoroughly mixed. Shape into one big ball. Chill. Roll in crushed pecans. Serve with any type crackers.
title: Seven Layer Salad instructions: Seal and refrigerate overnight. Next day, mix. Can add cooked bacon (approximately 8 slices, chopped).
title: Judy'S Vegetable Tortellini instructions: Saute onions and garlic in butter and oil until transparent. Add spinach and heavy cream. Simmer; throw in cheeses. Stir and shut heat off. Make tortellini according to directions on box. Mix all ingredients when tortellini are tender. Serve hot.
title: Beef Tips With Rice instructions: Mix ingredients in glass baking dish. Cover and bake until tender at 325°. Serve over cooked rice.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Sift flour. Measure and resift with dry ingredients. Beat eggs well. Add sugar gradually. Using medium speed of mixer, add pumpkin. Reduce to low speed and add oil, water, vanilla and dry ingredients. Mix well. Pour into 2 greased and floured loaf pans (5 1/2 x 9 1/2 x 2 1/2-inch). Bake for 1 hour at 325°.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Cook squash, onions and pimento together. Drain well; then add sour cream, mushroom soup and water chestnuts. Place in the bottom of a 3-quart greased casserole dish, 1/2 the package of stuffing mix and 1/2 stick of margarine. Add the squash mixture. Put the other half of the stuffing mix and the almonds on top of the casserole. Dot with remaining half stick of margarine. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Bonnie'S Lemon Jello Cake instructions: Mix cake mix and dry jello with 3/4 cup water. Add eggs and oil and beat 2 minutes. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes in a 9 x 13-inch pan. When cake is done, punch holes in cake (all over) with a large fork.
title: Hash Brown Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients well. Pour into 9 x 12-inch pan. Bake in a preheated 350° oven for 1 hour. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Melt margarine, cheese and soup until creamy. Add rice, onion and broccoli. Stir until well blended. Pour into ungreased 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake 35 to 40 minutes at 350°.
title: Sausage Casserole(Microwave)   instructions: In a 10-inch microwave cooker, cook sausage, onion and green pepper for 6 minutes, stirring once. Drain off fat. Stir tomatoes, sugar, chili powder, salt and cooked macaroni into sausage mixture. Cook 6 minutes. Stir in sour cream. Heat 1 to 2 minutes.
title: Chewy Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Lightly grease baking sheet with butter flavor Crisco. Combine Crisco, brown sugar, egg, milk and vanilla in a large bowl. Beat at medium speed with mixer. Blend well. Combine oats, flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon. Mix into creamed mixture at low speed until blended. Stir in raisins and nuts. Drop rounded tablespoonful of dough 2-inches apart. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until lightly brown. Cool, then serve.
title: Flavorful Fish instructions: Arrange fish in shallow plate. Pour lemon juice over fish and sprinkle with garlic powder and paprika. Top with parsley. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave for 2 minutes.
title: Beef And Shell Bake instructions: Prepare Creamette shells according to package directions. Drain. Cook ground beef, celery and onion. Drain excess fat. Add tomatoes with liquid (breaking up with spoon), tomato paste, salt, oregano and pepper. Simmer 5 minutes. Combine meat mixture with shells and pour into a 3-quart casserole. Top with cheese. Bake in a 350° oven for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Boiled Dressing instructions: Beat eggs. Add other ingredients in order given, except butter. When almost done, add butter. Cook on low heat until thick. Can add dry mustard or celery seed.
title: Easy Chicken 'N Dumplings instructions: Heat broth. Thicken broth as thin gravy. Mix flour, baking powder and salt. Add milk as for drop biscuits. Drop onto boiling broth. Put lid on. Cook about 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Kidney Bean Casserole instructions: Brown beef and onions in oil. Add soup and simmer 15 minutes. Add macaroni, beans and seasonings; heat.	Pour in casserole dish. Top with grated cheese. Bake 20 minutes at 375°.
title: Apple Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Cook until thick (approximately 7 minutes in microwave). Pour over 6 medium-size apples, cubed, and 1 cup of marshmallows. Let cool. Add nuts or raisins, if desired.
title: Tomato Aspic instructions: Mix together the gelatin in cold tomato juice. Put into mixture of remaining ingredients.
title: Texas Prize Cake instructions: Grease and flour bottom of 10-inch tube pan. Cream the butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each. Sift flour and add to creamed mixture. Add vanilla. Pour in pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour or until done. Cool in pan 5 minutes.
title: Springerle instructions: Beat eggs until light. Add sugar and beat until mixture is very stiff and light, about 15 minutes at high speed on electric mixer. Add extract, flour and soda; mix thoroughly. Roll out on lightly floured surface with regular rolling pin to 1/2 to 1/4-inch thickness. Roll with springerle rolling pin to 1/4-inch thickness, pressing only once for clear imprint. Cut along dividing lines to separate cookies.
title: Taco Beans instructions: Cook beans. Brown meat, then add other ingredients and simmer for 10 minutes. Add meat mixture to beans and simmer for one hour.
title: Battered Fried Fish instructions: Cut haddock into serving-size pieces, sprinkle lightly with salt. Mix	1/4 teaspoon salt with remaining ingredients, dip haddock pieces into egg mixture. Fry in deep fat at 375° for 5 minutes or until brown.
title: Vanilla Pudding instructions: Scald milk. Mix sugar, flour and salt together. Add to scalded milk in heavy pan or double boiler. Stir constantly. Cook until thick; add slightly beaten eggs and cook 2 minutes more. Remove from heat and add butter and vanilla. Stir until smooth and butter melts.
title: Blueberry Heaven Supreme instructions: Mix Eagle Brand milk and lemon juice until thickened. Fold in pie filling and drained pineapple. Fold in Cool Whip. Pour into pie shells. Garnish with graham cracker crumbs and/or miniature marshmallows. Put in refrigerator and chill 3 or 4 hours or overnight.
title: Kraut Salad instructions: Toss all ingredients together. Cover. Let marinate in the refrigerator 24 hours.
title: Peach Pie instructions: Mix thoroughly sour cream, sugar and vanilla. Add well-drained, diced peaches. Pour into graham cracker crust. Bake at 325° for 25 minutes. Cool completely, then refrigerate.
title: Dirt Cups instructions: Will also need 8 to 10 (7 oz.) clear plastic cups
title: Finger Jello instructions: Mix together and add 5 c. boiling water. Dissolve completely. Let set in refrigerator.
title: Broccoli And Rice Casserole instructions: Cook rice. Cook broccoli. Saut the onions. Add pimento, soup, milk and Cheez Whiz. Mix with rice and broccoli. Pour into casserole. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes. Top with grated cheese. Bake until cheese is melted.
title: California Cookies instructions: Mix well and top after pan has cooled.
title: Baked Corn instructions: Melt Crisco; add flour and mix well. Add milk gradually and bring to the boiling point, stirring constantly. Add corn, sugar, salt and pepper and heat thoroughly. Remove from fire; add well beaten eggs and pour into a greased baking dish. Bake in oven at 350° for 25 minutes, or until corn is firm.
title: Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: In mixing bowl cream together sugar and butter until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each egg. Sift together flour, salt and soda. Add to creamed mixture alternately with sour cream, beating after each addition. Add extract and beat well. Pour batter into a greased and floured 10-inch tube pan. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Corned Beef Hash Casserole instructions: Layer potatoes and onion in bottom of baking dish. Dot with butter or oleo. Add salt and pepper. Cover with corned beef hash. Follow with creamed corn. Top with bread crumbs. Cover and bake at 350° for 10 minutes. Uncover and bake 25 minutes more.
title: Lemon Meringue Pie instructions: Blend together sugar, salt, flour and cornstarch. Stir in water. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly until mixture thickens. Stir a little of this hot mixture into beaten egg yolks. Combine mixes and cook a minute longer, stirring constantly. Add lemon juice, rind and butter. Pour in baked pastry shell. Brown in slow oven at 325° for 14 to 20 minutes or until meringue is delicately browned.
title: Vegetable Spread instructions: Grind or grate the 3 vegetables. Drain well. Add mayonnaise to softened cream cheese and mix well. Add well drained vegetables, salt and red pepper. Spread on crackers. Top with olives or pimentos.
title: Party Mix instructions: Mix together popcorn oil and dressing mix; set aside. Put cereal, nuts, pretzels and crackers in big bowl and mix together. Put oil mixture on to coat and let set for 6 hours tossing ingredients together every couple of hours.
title: Dick'S Grilled Boneless Leg Of Lamb instructions: Puree onion, garlic, ginger and pepper in food processor. Mix together with shoyu, honey and oil. Spread marinade on both sides of butterflied leg of lamb. Put lamb and marinade in a plastic bag in refrigerator. Lamb can marinate overnight. Turn several times.
title: Meat Loaf instructions: Bake in two loaf pans in 400° oven for 15 minutes, then in 350° oven until brown. Can put glaze on top before baking:
title: Life Saver Cookies instructions: Mix together butter, sugar, eggs and lemon extract. Blend in flour, baking powder and salt. Cover and chill at least 1 hour. Roll dough 1/8-inch thick on a lightly floured board. Cut into desired shapes. Cut a small hole in center with a sharp knife. Place cookies on foil covered baking sheet. Place a Life Saver in the center of each cookie. Bake at 375° for 7 to 9 minutes until lightly browned or until candy is melted. Cool on baking sheet. Store in layers between wax paper. These freeze nicely. Yields 6 dozen.
title: Banana Chiffon Cake instructions: Sift flour, 1 cup of the sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt into medium-size bowl. Make a well in center and add in order: oil, egg yolks, lemon juice and banana; beat with spoon until smooth. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 10 minutes. Makes one 10-inch tube cake. Easy to make. Needs no frosting and keeps deliciously moist.
title: Baked Zesty Italian Chicken instructions: Prepare chicken for baking. Season chicken with salt, pepper and garlic. Pour Italian dressing over chicken. Top with Italian bread crumbs. Preheat oven. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until tender at 375°. Enjoy!
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Mix oats with boiling water. Let sit. Cream together the sugars, margarine and eggs. Add oatmeal and mix well. Add dry ingredients. Mix well. Pour into greased and floured 9 x 13 pan. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Fried Apple Pies instructions: In a saucepan, combine apples and water. Simmer until tender, then cool. Mash apples, stir in sugar and cinnamon. Chill; combine flour, salt and baking powder. Cut in shortening until well blended. Add milk, a little at a time to form dough. Chill for 1 hour. Roll dough out to 1/4 inch thick. Cut into 4 inch rounds. Place about 2 tablespoons of the apple filling in the center of each circle. Moisten the edges with water then fold the pastry in half, pressing the edges together. Heat oil to 370° and fry the pies until brown.
title: Carrot Coins(Microwave)   instructions: Mix all ingredients in a 1-quart casserole. Cover with lid or vented plastic wrap. Microwave on High 6 to 8 minutes, stirring twice, until carrots are almost tender. Let stand 3 minutes or until tender. Makes 4 servings; 73 calories per serving.
title: Spiced Fruit Salad instructions: In saucepan over medium heat, heat pineapple juice and cinnamon stick to boiling. Reduce heat. Cover and cook about 5 minutes. Remove cinnamon stick. Add rum extract. In medium bowl, mix strawberries, peaches, cantaloupe and pineapple. Pour pineapple juice over fruit and toss. Refrigerate. Makes 4 (1/2 cup) servings. Refreshing diet food.
title: Orange-Pineapple Salad instructions: Fold all ingredients together. Refrigerate 8 to 12 hours before serving.
title: Coconut Pecan Frosting instructions: Mix together first 5 ingredients. Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened, about 12 minutes. Add coconut and pecans. Cool until thick enough to spread, beating occasionally. Makes 2 1/4 cups.
title: Haystacks instructions: Melt peanut butter and morsels together in a saucepan over low heat. Add noodles and peanuts to mixture until well coated. Form little clusters on wax paper and allow to harden in refrigerator. Makes 24 pieces.
title: Triple Fudge Cake instructions: Cook pudding according to directions. Blend cake mix into hot pudding. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Sprinkle chocolate chips and nuts over top. Bake 30 to 35 minutes at 350°. Serve with whipped cream.
title: Skillet Barbecue Beans instructions: Cook sausage, onion and green pepper in a large skillet until sausage browns and crumbles. Drain. Stir in beans and seasoning mix. Cook over low heat 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Melt butter and saute celery and onion. Add 1 cup cream of chicken soup and bring to boil. Add broccoli, rice and cheese. Cook at 350° until bubbly.
title: Peanut Butter Sticks instructions: Freeze bread to slice it. Cut each slice into 5 strips, leaving crust on. Place on baking sheet and bake 1 1/2 hours at 200° oven. Mix cooking oil and peanut butter in top of double boiler. Cook until boiling point, stirring until well mixed.
title: Cinnamon Pull-Aparts instructions: Soften dry yeast in 1/4 cup lukewarm water. In a large bowl, combine and mix like pie crust until crumbly the shortening, sugar, salt and 2 cups flour. Scald milk and add to the dry ingredients in the bowl. Stir until smooth. Then add whole eggs, one at a time, and beat well. Add softened yeast and vanilla.
title: Apple Dumplins instructions: Place 1 apple slice in each triangle of the crescent dough. Roll from large end to smaller. Place all rolled up slices in a 9 X 13 inch baking dish. In a small saucepan, melt margarine, then stir in sugar and cinnamon. Pour this mixture over all the rolled up slices and then pour Mountain Dew over all and bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. Good served with ice cream.
title: Hot Tuna Appetizer instructions: In medium bowl, combine tuna, anchovies, green pepper, pimento, egg and 2 tablespoons Russian dressing. Mix well and set aside. In small bowl, mix remaining Russian dressing with cognac and set aside. In hot butter in a chafing dish or larger pan, saute bread until well browned and butter is absorbed. In same pan, spread tuna mixture over bread. Cover with Russian dressing mixture. Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce over each. Heat over low heat for 5 to 10 minutes or until very hot. Serve immediately.
title: Low-Fat Texas Trash instructions: Combine dry cereals to make 5 cups; add pretzel sticks. Combine apple juice, Worcestershire sauce and seasonings. Toss with cereals. Place on shallow nonstick baking pan. Bake at 275° for 1 hour. Stir every 10 minutes. Cool before serving. Serves 8; 90 calories, 1.3 gm fat (13%).
title: Punch Bowl Cake instructions: Prepare cake mix by package directions. Bake into layers. Cool layers. Prepare 1 box pudding mix. Place 1 cake layer (cut into cubes) in bottom of punch bowl. Spoon the prepared pudding mix evenly over cake. Top with half of fruit cocktail, 1 can pineapple, 1/2 of fruit cocktail, 1/2 of cherry pie filling, 1 cup nuts and 1 package coconut. Spread 1 container whipped topping evenly over top. Repeat layers. Garnish top with maraschino cherries, if desired. Chill until ready to serve. Refrigerate any leftovers.
title: Quick Macaroons instructions: Heat oven to 300°. Line 12 muffin cups with paper liners. Put room temperature egg whites in medium all metal or glass bowl with cream of tartar and beat at high speed until foamy. Add sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time, beating until whites hold stiff glossy peaks. Add lemon juice and flour. Fold in with a spatula until blended. Fold in coconut. Spoon into the lined muffin cups. Bake 30 to 35 minutes. Cool on a rack. As soon as you can, remove them from the pan.
title: Seafood Casserole instructions: Boil water and wine. Cook shrimp in water 3 minutes. Remove and cook scallops in same liquid for 6 minutes. Reserve 1 cup liquid for later.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Allow cheese to set at room temperature. Cut into chunks and blend until fluffy. Add Worcestershire sauce and onion. Cool in refrigerator and shape into two or three balls. Roll in chopped nuts.
title: Banana Split Cake instructions: Combine graham cracker crumbs and 1 stick melted oleo. Pat in bottom of pan. Beat 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 sticks oleo and eggs 15 minutes. Pour over crumb mixture. Slice layer of bananas on this. Spread drained pineapple, then Cool Whip on top. Sprinkle with nuts and cherries. Refrigerate overnight.
title: English Muffin Loaf instructions: Combine 3 cups flour, yeast, sugar, salt and soda. Heat liquid until very warm (120° to 130°). Add to dry ingredients. Beat well. Stir in rest of flour to make stiff batter. Spoon into 2 8 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch loaf pans that have been greased and sprinkled with cornmeal. Sprinkle tops with cornmeal and cover. Let rise in warm place for 45 minutes. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes. Remove immediately.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Combine ingredients and pour into casserole dish.
title: Crock-Pot Kielbasa instructions: Boil kielbasa in beer for 10 minutes. Combine ketchup, mustard, vinegar and sugar in crock-pot. Cut kielbasa in small bite size pieces and place in crock-pot. Cook on high for 2 to 3 hours or low for 3 to 5 hours. Enjoy.
title: Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup instructions: After chicken is cooked, place the rest of the ingredients in the left over broth, except the noodles. Bring to a rolling boil. Simmer until onions are done, then add noodles. Cook until noodles are done. This makes a large pot of soup, for about 10.
title: Church Windows instructions: Melt oleo and chocolate chips in a sauce pan, cool and add nuts and marshmallows. Shape into 3 logs. Spread coconut on wax paper and roll logs in coconut to coat. Wrap logs in wax paper and refrigerate over night. Cut into thin slices.
title: Blueberry Dumplings instructions: In Dutch oven with tight fitting lid, bring blueberries, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 cup water and dash of salt to boiling. Cover and simmer 5 minutes; add lemon juice. Stir together flour, 1/4 cup sugar and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cut in butter until like coarse meal. Add milk; stir only until moistened. Drop from tablespoon into bubbling sauce, making 6 dumplings. Cover tightly; simmer 15 minutes without uncovering. Serve hot. Sprinkle with sugar, if desired. Serves 6.
title: Heavenly Hash instructions: Whip cream to soft peaks. Add sugar and vanilla. Fold in marshmallows and pineapple. Store in refrigerator. Tastes best made one day in advance. Really good served on plain cake.
title: Hamburger Potato Hot Dish instructions: Place potatoes into large pan. Layer onions over top. Pour soup and water mixture on top. Bake 1 to 1 1/2 hours at 350°.
title: Potatoes Romanoff instructions: Thaw potatoes; spread over 9 x 12-inch baking dish. Top with cornflakes and margarine. In saucepan, saute onion in 2 tablespoons oleo. Stir in soups, milk, sour cream, salt and pepper. Bake for 50 minutes.
title: Enchilada Casserole instructions: Brown beef and onions in microwave on High for 4 minutes. Drain if necessary. Stir to crumble meat. Add enchilada sauce and soups. In a 3-quart casserole dish, layer tortillas, meat mixture and cheese. Repeat layers, except cheese. Microwave on Medium about 20 minutes or until heated through. Top with grated cheese and let stand until melted.
title: Recipe For A Happy Family instructions: Mix moderately and sprinkle with awareness. Bake in moderate oven of everyday life, using as fuel all grudges and past unpleasantness. Cool. Turn out onto platter of cheerfulness. Garnish with tears and laughter in large helpings. Serve God, country and community.
title: Country Casserole instructions: Heat Velveeta, milk and salad dressing over low heat. Stir until sauce is smooth. Add remaining ingredients. Mix well. Pour into 2-quart casserole. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until hot. Serves 8.
title: Party Pizza Appetizers(Makes 90)   instructions: Combine all ingredients, except biscuits. Separate each biscuit into 3 pizza rounds. Spread with mixture. Put pizza on cookie sheet and store in plastic bags. Bake frozen pizzas at 425° for 10 minutes. Great for a cocktail party.
title: Strawberry Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine dry ingredients in large bowl. Form a shallow well in center of mixture and add remaining ingredients. Stir well. Spoon mixture into two greased and floured loaf pans. Bake 1 hour. Cool 10 minutes in pans.
title: Red Lobster Cheese Garlic Biscuits instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Mix Bisquick, milk and cheese until soft dough forms. Beat vigorously for 30 seconds. Drop dough by spoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes until golden brown. Mix butter and garlic powder. Brush over warm biscuits before removing from the baking sheet. Serve warm.
title: Date Rolled Cookies instructions: Mix the flour and soda together. Roll 1/2 dough on floured board into a rectangle, 1/2-inch thick. Spread filling all over top (then sprinkle with chopped English walnuts, if desired). Roll like a jelly roll and place in refrigerator. When firm, slice and bake 10 to 12 minutes at 350° or 10 minutes at 375° (top of cookie may be sprinkled with sugar and top with 1/2 walnut before baking).
title: Pineapple Mold instructions: Use a nonstick spray to wet a 1 1/2-quart ring mold (takes an afternoon to jell). Combine jello(s) and boiling water. Stir to dissolve. Let cool slightly. Stir in cottage cheese, crushed pineapple, walnuts.
title: Play Doh instructions: Mix all together and slowly whisk into dry ingredients. Place mixture over medium-high heat and cook, stirring constantly until mixture thickens and loses its wet look. Pour out on countertop or board and knead until of even consistency.
title: Layered Salad instructions: Layer first 6 ingredients as listed in 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix dressing, mayonnaise and sour cream and spread on top of salad. Sprinkle with shredded cheese. Cover and refrigerate. Can be made the night before.
title: Sour Cream Potatoes instructions: Mix everything together and pour into a 13 x 9-inch pan. Top with 1/4 cup melted butter and 2 cups crushed cornflakes, mixed together. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Creamy Banana Pudding instructions: In large bowl, combine milk and water. Add pudding mix. Beat well until blended. Fold in whipping cream. Spoon 1 cup pudding mixture into 2 1/2-quart round glass bowl. Top with 1/3 each of the vanilla wafers, bananas and pudding. Repeat layers twice, ending with pudding mixture. Chill thoroughly. Garnish, if desired.
title: Hush Puppies instructions: Combine corn meal, flour and baking soda in a mixing bowl. Stir in buttermilk and beat until batter is smooth. Stir in salt and onion. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of batter into a deep fryer; fry until golden brown. Drain on paper toweling before serving.
title: Ground Beef Casserole instructions: Brown beef. Cook pepper, celery and onion in a small amount of fat, then add to ground beef and cook about 20 minutes. Cook noodles according to package directions. Combine noodles with meat mixture. Layer meat and noodle mixture with grated cheese and bake about 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Lemon Fluff Jello instructions: Mix pineapple and sugar in saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer on stove 15 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Mix Jell-O and boiling water. Stir in softened cream cheese and mix well, then add pineapple and nuts. Chill until thickened, then fold in Cool Whip. Put in Pyrex dish and chill until firm.
title: Quick Fruit Salad instructions: Pour all ingredients into a large bowl and stir. Mix well. This salad may be served second day, if not used the first.
title: Breaded Steak Rolls instructions: You will also need wooden toothpicks.
title: Dirt Pie instructions: In deep bowl, put pudding, cream cheese and 1/2 cup of milk. Mix until creamy with hand mixer. Add powdered sugar and mix thoroughly, then add remaining milk, 1/2 cup at a time, and mix until creamy. Crumble enough Oreo cookies to line bottom of dish as a crust in a lasagna pan. Add the pudding mix and top with whipped topping. Refrigerate until serving. Prior to serving, crumble a few more Oreos on the top to provide a crisp, crunchy taste.
title: Rich Beef And Gravy(Crock-Pot Recipe)   instructions: Mix dry and liquid ingredients in crock-pot. Cut steak into small pieces. Add to other ingredients. Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours. Serve over mashed potatoes, noodles or rice. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Chicken Maranda instructions: Put chicken in large casserole dish. Spread chicken soup, celery soup and milk over chicken. Mix all these well with chicken. Mix remaining ingredients and add last for topping. (Can use cornmeal and egg with sage and chicken broth instead of packaged mixes. Add cornbread last.) Bake at 450° for 20 minutes or until bread is golden brown.
title: Apple-Banana Bread instructions: Combine eggs, banana, sugar, oil and milk. In a separate bowl mix flour, salt, baking soda and baking powder. Add to banana mixture. Fold in apple and nuts. Pour batter into 3 small greased and floured pans or two (9 x 5-inch) pans. Bake at 325° for about 1 hour. Cool in pans 10 minutes; remove to wire racks to cool.
title: Mock Lobster Salad instructions: Crush the soda crackers in a large bowl. Mix all vegetables together in another bowl, then mix tomato juice and mayonnaise with all the vegetables. Pour this mixture over the crushed crackers. Let all of this mixture stand in the refrigerator overnight. Serve on crackers or on a bed of lettuce.
title: Buttermilk Cake instructions: Cream sugar and shortening. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Sift dry ingredients together. Blend in alternating with buttermilk. Beat well. Add almond and vanilla. Mix well. Bake in greased and floured Bundt pan for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Foolproof Chocolate Fudge instructions: In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt morsels with sweetened condensed milk. Stir in vanilla and spread evenly onto wax paper lined 8-inch square pan. Chill 2 hours or until set. Turn fudge onto cutting board, peel off paper and cut into squares. Cover and store at room temperature.
title: Sweet And Sour Seashells instructions: Pour all ingredients over noodles and let marinate in refrigerator for 3 to 4 hours. Wash cucumbers and leave skins on. Cut cucumbers in half lengthwise, then slice.
title: Cornbread Salad instructions: Mix well and let set overnight. Will make 2 quarts and 1 pint. You can cut this in half.
title: Ham And Rice Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients in 8 x 8-inch pan. Bake at 375° for 25 minutes.
title: Zucchini Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Grease muffin cups. In large bowl, mix the first 7 ingredients. Beat eggs; stir in oil and zucchini. Stir all together until moistened. Bake for 25 minutes.
title: Chicken Parmesan instructions: Dip chicken in Italian dressing, then bread crumbs. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Add a layer of Mozzarella cheese the last few minutes (3 to 5) of cooking. Cook jar of spaghetti sauce over low heat. Add onion and garlic clove. Remove when finished cooking. Cook spaghetti noodles. Prepare plate.
title: Simple Cherry-Pineapple Crisp instructions: Spread crushed pineapple in the bottom of baking dish. Spread cherry pie filling over the pineapple. Spread yellow cake mix over pineapple and cherry filling. Melt margarine and drizzle over the other ingredients. Bake at 350° until golden brown on top.
title: Wacky Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Pour into greased and floured 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Cherry Torte instructions: Spread out on cookie sheet and make edges up side. Cover with cherry pie filling. Beat egg whites until stiff. Add 6 tablespoons sugar. Cover filling and sprinkle with ground nuts. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Red Raspberry Cordial instructions: In a 1-gallon jar fitted with a lid, combine the raspberries, sugar and the gin. Stir the mixture well. Secure the lid. Let mixture stand, stirring it once a week, for 4 months. Strain the mixture through a cheesecloth lined sieve into a pitcher, pressing hard on the solids. Return it to the jar. Makes about 4 cups.
title: Pavlova(Australia'S National Dessert)   instructions: Line cookie sheet with wax paper; grease lightly. Draw 8-inch circle in middle of sheet. Beat egg whites until foamy. Add salt and cream of tartar; beat until stiff, glossy peaks form. Add sugar gradually; beat 2 minutes.
title: Chunky Cheddar Chili Beans instructions: Brown beef and onions. Drain. Add all ingredients. Cover and simmer 45 minutes. Add cheese just before serving while hot.
title: Lazy Day Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Place chicken in baking pan that has been sprayed with a nonstick cooking spray. In a small bowl, combine remaining ingredients and pour over chicken. Cover and bake 30 minutes. Remove cover; continue baking 30 minutes longer.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Mix all together and pour into a 9 x 13-inch baking dish.
title: Frito Salad instructions: Drain beans. Mix all ingredients together, except Fritos. Add Fritos just before serving.
title: Marinated Beef Slices instructions: Slice meat in julienne strips. Add sliced onion, salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle lemon juice over mixture and mix in sour cream. Chill well. Serve in crystal bowl with crackers. Great appetizer!
title: Chicken And Stuffing Bake instructions: Place chicken in ungreased 2-quart casserole or 9 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Toss croutons, celery and onion with the 1/2 cup water and the margarine until croutons are moistened. Reserve about 1 1/2 cups of this stuffing. Spread remaining stuffing over chicken. Mix soup with 1 1/2 cups water; pour over stuffing. Top with reserved stuffing. Cook, uncovered, in a 350° oven for about 30 minutes.
title: Turkey Casserole instructions: Mix together and bake for 40 minutes at 350°.
title: Pancakes instructions: Beat egg until fluffy. Beat in remaining ingredients until smooth. For thinner pancakes, add 1/4 cup milk. Cook on griddle or skillet until golden brown. Makes about 9 pancakes.
title: Easy Jello Salad instructions: You may use any combination of Jell-O and fruit you want. (Lime Jell-O and pineapple, orange Jell-O and mandarin oranges.)
title: Linguine Salad instructions: For option, try broccoli. Mix all together.
title: Hobo Bread(Brown Bread)   instructions: You will need 3 coffee cans.
title: Meltaways instructions: Mix in a bowl the cream cheese, margarine or butter and flour. Wrap in wax paper and refrigerate overnight. Divide in quarters and roll each into 8-inch circles. Melt 1 stick of butter and brush on dough, then sprinkle filling. Cut each circle into 8 triangles, rolling large end to pointed end and pinch ends. Beat egg yolk with 2 tablespoons water and brush on top.
title: Snickerdoodles instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Mix thoroughly the butter, shortening, 1 1/2 cups sugar and eggs. Blend in flour, cream of tartar, soda and salt. Shape dough by rounded teaspoonful into balls. Mix 2 tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon. Roll balls in mixture and place 2-inches apart on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until set. Remove immediately from baking sheet.
title: Sundown Cooler instructions: Chill ingredients; pour over ice and sliced fruit. Makes 16 punch cups.
title: Oreo Dirt Cake instructions: Crush oreos and layer 1/2 on bottom of glass bowl or flower pot. Cream together margarine, powdered sugar and cream cheese. Add Cool Whip, dry pudding mix and milk, mixing well. Pour on top of oreos. Add remaining crushed oreos to top.
title: Parmesan Meat Loaf instructions: Combine all ingredients except Parmesan cheese. Mix thoroughly. Pack lightly into an 8-inch square baking pan. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Sprinkle top with cheese. Bake 10 minutes longer. Let stand for 5 minutes. Cut into squares. Yields 6 servings.
title: Spinach Squares instructions: In a large bowl, combine flour, salt and baking powder. Stir in beaten eggs, milk and butter. Add remaining ingredients and stir until moistened. Pour into lightly greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Cut into 1-inch squares. Makes 2 dozen.
title: Sweet Baked Beans instructions: Mix altogether in a baking dish. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Spread bacon strips across (optional).
title: Butterscotch Torte instructions: Mix together egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, almond and baking powder. Set aside. Whip egg whites until very stiff and fold into yolk mixture. Also fold in graham cracker crumbs and nuts. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch cake pan. Bake at 325° for 30 minutes. Cool. Whip the whipping cream and spread over cool cake.
title: Mexican Bean Salad instructions: At the last minute before serving, add 1 cup Catalina dressing and about 1/2 bag crushed Fritos.
title: Hungarian Goulash instructions: Cut beef into 1-inch pieces and brown in hot fat. Add onion and garlic; brown lightly. Mix together catsup, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, paprika, salt, mustard and pepper. Stir in with meat. Add 3 cups water; cover and simmer 2 to 2 1/2 hours. Thicken with mixture of 2 tablespoons flour and 1/4 cup water. Pour goulash over cooked noodles and garnish with parsley. Serves 8.
title: Broccoli Cornbread instructions: Mix cottage cheese and salt. Add eggs. Mix broccoli, onion and butter. Then add cornmeal mix. Beat until smooth. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Orange Blossoms instructions: Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Place 1 teaspoon of batter in each well-greased miniature muffin pans. Bake at 325° for about 10 minutes.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 375° for 1 hour.
title: Chicken Cordon Blue instructions: Pound breasts until thin. Lay slice of cheese and ham on each breast; roll and insert toothpicks to secure. Mix flour, salt, pepper and paprika in plastic bag. Put breasts in bag and shake to coat. Melt butter in frying pan and brown chicken rolls on all sides. Add white wine and bouillon cube. Cover and simmer 30 minutes. Remove chicken from pan. Add cream to pan and cook on medium-high for 3 minutes until smooth and creamy. Pour over chicken. Serves 3.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: In a large mixing bowl, mix well the 2 cans of corn, margarine (melted) and the corn bread mix (dry). Stir in approximately 3/4 of the sour cream. Mix well.
title: Poppy Seed Bread instructions: Mix boiling water and poppy seed together. Set aside. Mix remaining ingredients. Add seed and water mixture. Pour into 2 greased loaf pans. Bake at 325° for 1 hour. Freezes well.
title: Buttermilk Brownie Cake instructions: In a saucepan combine butter, cocoa and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil and stir constantly. Remove from heat. In a large bowl sift together flour, sugar, soda and salt. Stir in eggs, buttermilk and vanilla. Add cocoa mixture; mix until blended. Pour into a greased 15 x 10 x 1-inch pan. Bake at 375° for 20 minutes. Immediately pour frosting over brownies; spread evenly.
title: Seven Layer Salad instructions: Layer all ingredients in order listed. Cover with Miracle Whip mayonnaise and sprinkle bacon bits on top. Refrigerate.
title: Taco Salad instructions: Combine first 7 ingredients in crock-pot; mix well. Add salt and pepper. Cook on low for 3 to 4 hours or until done to taste. Heat cheese and tomatoes in saucepan until cheese melts, stirring constantly. Layer lettuce, ground beef sauce, tomatoes, cheese sauce and crushed corn chips on individual plates. Yield: 12 servings.
title: Pizza Dippers instructions: Grease 1 large cookie sheet and unroll pizza dough, cutting the rectangle in half crosswise, then cutting 8 (1-inch) strips. Place strips apart on cookie sheet and brush with margarine. Sprinkle evenly with seasoning and put into 350° oven for 11 to 17 minutes. Bring out long enough to sprinkle cheese on top and return to melt. Serve immediately with warm pizza sauce to dip. Makes 16 servings.
title: Madge'S Refrigerator Rolls instructions: Put sugar over yeast in lukewarm water and let foam. Scald milk, sugar, oleo and salt. When cool, add dissolved yeast. Fold in egg whites, stir in flour. Dough should be soft. Do not add more flour. Let stand covered until double in size. Stir down and put covered in refrigerator. Let set overnight. Bake in muffin tins. Two small balls dipped in melted oleo forms one roll.
title: Super Sundae Pie instructions: In a mixing bowl, stir slightly softened ice cream until smooth. Spoon the ice cream into the pie crust and cover. Place pie in freezer for several hours, until hard. Remove pie from freezer and let stand for 10 minutes to soften. Spoon strawberry topping onto serving plate. Cut pie and place on top of strawberry topping. Garnish with chocolate sundae syrup and other toppings, as desired. Sprinkle with nuts and a cherry. Return to freezer.
title: Cranberry-Orange Relish For Poultry instructions: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan; bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat and simmer until thick. Let cool and store in refrigerator.
title: Swedish Heirloom Cookies instructions: Cream shortening and butter until light and fluffy. Add powdered sugar and salt. Mix well. Stir in flour. Stir in water, vanilla and almonds. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Place on ungreased baking sheets. Flatten slightly. Bake at 325° for 12 to 15 minutes or until done. Dredge cookies in powdered sugar while they're still warm. Yields about 8 dozen.
title: Garden Cabbage Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients except dressing. Cover and chill. Toss with dressing just before serving. Yields 8 to 10 servings.
title: Kentucky Pecan Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients. Bake 45 minutes in preheated oven at 350°. Decorate with whole pecan halves.
title: London Broil instructions: Place steak in shallow pan. Combine oil, vinegar and garlic. Pour over steak. Cover and let stand in refrigerator for 3 hours or better yet overnight, turning several times. Preheat broiler. Broil steak 3-inches from heat, about 5 minutes. Season. Turn; broil 3 minutes. Add more seasoning. Remove to cutting board. Carve very thin slices diagonally across the grain. Serves 4 to 5.
title: Hello Dolly Bars instructions: Melt oleo in a pan. Add graham cracker. Mix and spread in bottom of a 9 x 13 inch greased pan. Layer chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, walnuts if desired and shredded coconut. Pour condensed milk on top and bake at 350° for 30-35 minutes. Cool and cut into bars.
title: Macaroni And Cheese Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients. Before baking, cover with crumbled cheese crackers and dot with butter. Bake at 325° for 40 minutes.
title: Betsy'S Chocolate Fudge Cake instructions: Melt chocolate in small bowl over hot water; cool. Grease and flour 2 to 3 (9-inch) cake pans. Sift flour, baking soda and salt onto wax paper. Beat butter until soft in large bowl. Add brown sugar and eggs; beat with mixer at high speed until light and fluffy (5 minutes). Beat in vanilla and chocolate. Stir in dry ingredients, alternating with sour cream. Beat well with wooden spoon after each addition. Stir in boiling water (batter will be thin). Pour into pan and bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Cool pans on rack for 10 minutes; turn out on racks. Cool completely and ice with Chocolate Fudge Frosting.
title: Cream Cheese Squares instructions: Mix the cake mix, egg and margarine good and press into a 9 x 12-inch sheet cake pan. Next, mix and cream together good the sugar, 2 eggs and sour cream. Spread on top of cake mixture. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes. Cut when cool.
title: Beef Barbecue instructions: Cook on top of stove several hours. (Meat will eventually shred.) Cook on low to medium heat. If liquid disappears, add water and ketchup (if needed). Cut beef in pieces and put into pot; add all ingredients to the beef. Cook 3 to 4 hours.
title: Chicken Stroganoff instructions: Slice chicken into thin strips. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Add onions. Saute 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and saute 3 minutes longer. Remove vegetables from skillet; reserve. Heat remaining oil in skillet. Add chicken and garlic. Cook as for stir-fry. Return vegetables to skillet. Add broth and pepper. In a small bowl, combine water and cornstarch. Stir into skillet mixture. Over medium heat, bring to a boil and boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in yogurt. Heat gently over low heat (do not boil). Serve over noodles.
title: Cream Pie And Pudding(Microwave)   instructions: Microwave Directions: Combine sugar, flour and salt in deep 2-quart glass mixing bowl. Add eggs and milk. Beat with whisk until smooth. Microwave at Full power for 8 minutes, stirring 3 times. Proceed as recipe directs.
title: Crispix Cookies instructions: Combine butterscotch and semi-sweet chocolate morsels in a large saucepan. Stir constantly over low heat until smooth. Remove from heat and add peanuts and cereal. Stir gently until well coated. Drop by teaspoons onto waxed paper. Chill until firm.
title: Rum Balls instructions: Combine crushed wafers, nuts and 1/2 cup powdered sugar in large bowl; set aside. Melt chocolate with corn syrup. Stir in rum until smooth. Pour chocolate mixture over crumb mixture; mix thoroughly. Roll into 1-inch balls. Place on wax paper. Roll each ball in remaining 1 cup powdered sugar. Store in airtight container for at least 3 days before serving.
title: Millionaire Cake instructions: Beat together. Bake in a 9 x 13-inch pan at 350° for 45 to 55 minutes.
title: Hawaiian Carrots instructions: Scrape and cut carrots into small pieces or chunks. Cook and drain; salt. Drain pineapple. Use 1/2 cup pineapple juice, cornstarch, oleo and sugar and cook until thick. Add carrots and pineapple to sauce and simmer 10 minutes. Better if made a day ahead.
title: Ginny'S Salad instructions: Wash, dry and break lettuce into bite size pieces. Toss in cheese and walnuts. Mix with dressing prior to serving.
title: Onion Soup instructions: Cook onions in butter and oil for 15 minutes in Dutch oven; stir occasionally. Add sugar and cook 15 minutes until onions are brown. Sprinkle onions with flour; blend in hot broth, wine and seasonings. Simmer for 30 minutes. Lightly toast garlic bread in 350° oven for 20 minutes. Baste each slice with 1/2 teaspoon oil and garlic. Serve soup with toast floating on the soup. Sprinkle the toast with cheese. Bake for 15 minutes. Serve hot. Makes 4 to 8 servings.
title: Banana Walnut Cake instructions: Cream shortening and gradually add sugar; cream together until light and fluffy. Add eggs. Sift flour before measuring, then add baking powder, soda and salt. Add the sour milk and flour mixture, alternating with the egg, sugar and butter mixture. Beat after each addition. Add banana pulp; beat well. Add nuts. Pour into greased Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes.
title: Fish And Broccoli Roll-Ups(Serves 4)   instructions: Cut fish into strips. Cut broccoli into small pieces. Alternate broccoli pieces and rolled fish strips onto kabob spears adding lemon wedges to each end. Baste with salad dressing. Broil 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Fat Free Pizza Treats instructions: Top English muffins with pizza sauce and toppings of your choice ending with cheese. Toast in toaster oven until cheese melts.
title: Sesame Chicken Wings instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, the garlic, the ginger, the honey and the pepper. Add the wings; toss them to coat and let them marinate, covered and chilled, for 2 hours. Line a baking pan with foil and arrange the wings, drained (reserving the marinade) in one layer on the foil. Brush the wings with the oil; sprinkle them with the sesame seed and bake them in the middle of a preheated 400° oven, basting them occasionally with the reserved marinade, for 30 to 35 minutes or until they are browned. Serves 4 as an hors d'oeuvre.
title: Imitation Crabmeat Salad instructions: Shred crabmeat into thin strips 1/4 to 1/2-inch x 3 to 4-inches long. Cook pasta and drain. Add pasta to crabmeat, then add all other ingredients. Chill for at least 1/2 hour before serving.
title: Macaroni And Cottage Cheese instructions: Cook macaroni until tender. Drain. Put into dish and mix in 1 small carton cottage cheese. Brown butter in skillet and pour over mixture. Salt and pepper to taste. Serve.
title: String Pie instructions: Cook beef, onion and green pepper in large skillet over medium-high heat until meat is brown, stirring to separate meat; drain fat. Stir in spaghetti sauce, mix well. Combine Parmesan cheese, eggs and butter in large bowl; mix well. Place in bottom of 13 x 9-inch pan; spread cottage cheese over top. Pour sauce mixture over cottage cheese. Sprinkle Mozzarella over top. Bake in preheated 350° oven until cheese melts, about 20 minutes.
title: Easters Hamburgers instructions: Brown hamburger patties. Slice raw onions on top. Pour mixture over hamburgers. Bake 1 hour at 350°.
title: Coconut Macaroons instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients. Stir in beaten egg whites and almond extract; mix well. Lightly grease cookie sheet. Cut cherries in quarters. Drop by teaspoonful onto cookie sheet about 1-inch apart. Top with cherry. Bake at 325° for 20 to 25 minutes. Take out when edges are golden.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: Put oranges, apples and cranberries through food chopper. Drain pineapple and add. Dissolve Jell-O, sugar in water (heat to dissolve thoroughly). Mix into mixture well and add chopped nuts. Let set in refrigerator about 24 hours before serving.
title: Lazy Day Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients by hand. Fold in Cool Whip. Refrigerate all day or overnight. Will keep for 7 to 10 days in fridge.
title: Pear Relish instructions: Let pears, onions and peppers stand in separate containers for 1 hour. Pour boiling water over each; drain well. Combine pears, onion, peppers, vinegar, sugar and seasonings in a large kettle. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes. Pour hot mixture into hot sterilized jars, leaving 1/4 inch headspace. Remove air bubbles and wipe jar rims. Cover at once with metal lids and screw on bands. Process in boiling water bath for 20 minutes. Let stay in a cool place for 1 month before using. Chill before serving. Makes 10 pints.
title: Strawberry Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease and flour two 9 x 5-inch loaf pans. In a medium bowl, stir berries, eggs and oil. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, cinnamon, soda, salt and nuts. Add berry mix to dry ingredients and stir until blended. Pour into greased pans. Bake 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Strawberry Salad instructions: Dissolve jello and water; add rest of ingredients. Pour half in pan to set. Spread on cream. Add rest of jello.
title: Chili Beef Casserole instructions: Cook macaroni in boiling salted water until done (10 to 12 minutes). Drain thoroughly. Brown ground beef in skillet. Add the soups and the macaroni. Heat for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is bubbly. Slice cheese slices in half diagonally and put on top of hot mixture. Cover for a few minutes to allow cheese to melt slightly. Serve at once. Serves 6.
title: Bread instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water. Add other ingredients, then add 1 to 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour. Blend with electric mixer. Add slowly bread flour (3 1/2 to 4 cups; total wheat and bread flour should be 5 cups). After 3 cups flour are mixed with electric mixer, fold the balance of flour with a wooden spoon. Put on a floured board or wax paper and knead. Next, put in oiled bowl. Oil top of dough and press wax paper down over dough. Let rise until doubled in bulk. Divide dough and put in pans and let rise again. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes to 1 hour or until golden brown and pulled away from sides. This will make 2 big loaves or 4 small loaves.
title: Salmon Casserole Baked In Sour Cream instructions: Place salmon liquid in mixing bowl, add lemon juice, salt, pepper, sour cream and dill weed. Mix to smooth sauce. Break salmon in large chunks; place in greased 1-quart casserole. Pour sour cream sauce over salmon. Spread with onion; sprinkle with parsley. Cover and bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Yields 4 servings.
title: Carrie'S Cabbage Soup instructions: Combine all ingredients except meat with enough water to cover. Bring to a rolling boil, then simmer for about 3 hours, adding choice of meat in last 20 minutes. (The use of fresh herbs enhances flavor.)
title: Chicken And Pasta Salad instructions: Dressing: Mix mayonnaise, Ranch dressing, creamy Italian dressing and a little sugar together and blend to taste. Pour over and toss.
title: Calico Beans instructions: Brown hamburger and bacon. Add 1 medium chopped onion and the celery. Mix sauce, sugar, catsup, liquid smoke, mustard and vinegar. Mix beans and sauce with meat; bake in a casserole dish at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Ham Roll-Up instructions: Spread cream cheese on ham. Place breadstick on cheese. Roll up.
title: Penne Al'Arrabbiato instructions: Put on water to boil (and when boiling put in penne). Meanwhile, saute garlic in the olive oil briefly then add tomatoes, parsley, whole peppers and salt. (Always prepare this sauce in an open skillet.) Simmer until pasta is cooked. Mix the sauce with the drained pasta and top with sprigs of fresh parsley.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Mix all together in bowl and place in 2 to 3-quart casserole. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Vegetable Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients and let set in refrigerator several hours or overnight. It gets better with age and will keep well for 2 weeks.
title: Spinach Dip instructions: Slice paper thin California oranges, limes and lemons. Pour punch over mold of ice. Put fruit in 1 hour before. Whoop-see-doo!
title: Easy Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Spray 9 x 13-inch baking dish lightly with cooking spray. Line bottom of dish with chicken pieces. Mix together Veg-All and 3 cans of soup in large bowl. Spread this mixture on top of chicken. In the same bowl, mix melted butter, milk and flour and pour this over soup. Bake at 350° for approximately 30 to 40 minutes until crust is brown.
title: Fruit Pizza instructions: Spread cookie dough out on a baking sheet. Bake for 12 - 13 minutes at temperature on pkg., let cool. Slide knife under cookie to loosen.
title: Grasshopper Pie instructions: Crush cookies and mix with margarine. Press into pie plate and bake at 350° for 10 minutes. Make sure it's cool before you fill.
title: Squash Souffle instructions: Cut squash in cubes; cook in lightly salted water until tender, then drain. Add butter and mash until pulp. Add well beaten eggs, milk and cracker crumbs. Pour into Pam sprayed casserole dish; cover with cheese. Bake at 350° until firm in the center, approximately 30 to 45 minutes. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Loris'S Egg Salad instructions: With a potato masher, mix eggs, onion, pepper and pickle. Stir in mayonnaise. Add drained pimentos and seasonings. Chill and serve.
title: Apple Kuchen instructions: Divide Basic Sweet Dough into 2 portions. Press into 2 buttered 8 x 8-inch baking pans. Press apples, rounded side up, into dough. Sprinkle with mixture of sugar and cinnamon; drizzle with butter. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk. Bake at 350° for 40 to 50 minutes, or until golden brown. Cool on wire rack. Serves 16.
title: Eggplant-Tomato Casserole instructions: Peel and cut eggplant into 1/4-inch slices. Peel tomatoes and slice. In a 2-quart casserole dish, arrange a layer of eggplant; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put a layer of tomatoes on top; sprinkle with salt, pepper and oregano flakes you have crushed with your fingers and cheese. Repeat layers until casserole is full, ending with cheese on top. Cover; bake in a 400° oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until eggplant is tender when tested with fork.
title: Strawberry Bread instructions: Combine flour, sugar, cinnamon, soda and salt. Combine oil, eggs and strawberries. Stir into flour mixture just until moistened. Add nuts if desired. Pour batter into 2 greased loaf pans. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Salsa instructions: Mix all ingredients and chill 1 hour before serving. Stir before serving. (Mixture will have the consistency of gelatin if you don't.)
title: Meatball Stew instructions: *I use fresh carrots and potatoes.
title: Cauliflower-Broccoli Casserole instructions: Simmer the cauliflower and broccoli. Melt the butter in skillet and add cream of mushroom soup, milk and Velveeta cheese. Cook all ingredients until the cheese is melted totally. Combine cauliflower and broccoli mixture with soup and cheese mixture with cooked rice. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes, uncovered.
title: Cabbage Casserole instructions: Saute celery, pepper and onion in small amount of margarine. Add shredded cabbage and water. Cover and steam for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat; add cream of celery soup and pimento for color. Mix well. Put in casserole dish. Cover with Pepperidge Farm herb stuffing and butter mixed together. Bake for 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Best Ever Salad instructions: Cook spaghetti and let it cool off. Add all vegetables and spices. Stir in celery soup and if too stiff add small amount of mayonnaise.
title: Black Bottom Cupcakes instructions: Combine first four ingredients and mix well. Stir in chocolate chips. Mix together flour, 1 cup sugar, cocoa, soda and salt. Add water, oil, vinegar and vanilla. Beat well. Fill cupcake papers 1/3 full of chocolate mixture. Top each with cream cheese mixture. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Makes 18 to 20 cupcakes
title: Tuna Casserole instructions: Make macaroni and cheese according to package directions. If peas are frozen, cook and drain. Cook celery and onion and drain. Add all ingredients. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes in large baking dish.
title: Oatmeal Pie(Cheap Pecan Pie)   instructions: Cream margarine and eggs. Add next 5 ingredients to the margarine egg mixture and blend together. Put into 2 unbaked pie shells. Bake 1 hour at 325°.
title: Chili Con Carne instructions: Heat a heavy skillet over moderate heat. Add hamburger, onion and garlic. Stir until meat is browned. Stir in next 3 ingredients well. Turn beans (that have been rinsed in cold water and drained) and tomatoes into meat mixture. Heat to boiling; add spaghetti. Reduce heat to simmer. Cook 30 minutes, stirring often. If chili is too thick, add a little hot water. Serves 4.
title: Swiss Chicken Casserole instructions: Arrange chicken breasts in a lightly greased 12 x 8 x 2 baking dish. Top with a slice of Swiss cheese. Combine soup and milk. Stir well. Spoon over chicken. Sprinkle with stuffing mix. Drizzle butter over crumbs. Cover and bake at 350° for 50 minutes. Yields 6 servings.
title: Happy Face Cookies instructions: Combine and mix well the butter, sugar, eggs and water. Add flour, baking powder, salt, vanilla and powdered milk. Mix well. Roll, cut out and bake at 350°.
title: No Bake Cookies instructions: Melt almond bark with package directions. Stir in all other ingredients. Drop and shape on waxed paper.
title: Slinky(Apple Flavored, Low Calorie Quencher)   instructions: Pour water and apple juice into a glass. Stir in lemon juice. Garnish with apple slices and mint.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Melt butter in Pyrex dish. Sift dry ingredients together. Pour batter into melted butter. Pour fruit into batter. Don't stir. Bake at 350° for 40 or 45 minutes.
title: Green Bean Specialty instructions: Heat green beans (2 cans) and drain. Mix last 4 ingredients and heat. Pour liquid mixture over the beans. Crumble bacon on top. Serve hot.
title: Raspberry Nut Perfection(Serves 8)   instructions: Spread pie filling in bottom of 8-inch square pan. Combine cake mix, water and egg; beat well. Pour over pie filling. Sprinkle coconut and pecans on top. Drizzle melted butter over top. Bake in a 350° oven for 40 minutes. Serve warm.
title: Mexican Chicken instructions: Boil chicken in water. Cool and cut into pieces. Put in a 9 x 13-inch dish. Place on top of chicken in following order: chopped onion, grated cheese and crushed Doritos.
title: 10 Minute Peanut Brittle instructions: In 2-quart casserole (I use 2-quart measuring cup), mix the sugar, syrup and salt. Microwave on High for 5 minutes. Stir in peanuts. Microwave on High for 2 to 6 minutes or until syrup and peanuts are lightly browned, stirring after every 2 minutes of cooking time. Stir in butter, vanilla and baking soda until light and foamy. Spread to 1/4-inch thickness on a large well-buttered cookie sheet. When cool, break into small pieces.
title: Onion Dressing instructions: In a covered jar, shake all ingredients together well. Makes 2 1/2 cups dressing.
title: Chocolate Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Melt butter in saucepan. Add milk, cocoa and sugar. Stir well and boil for 1 minute. Take	from heat and immediately add peanut butter. Stir well. Add vanilla,	oats and nuts;	stir well. Drop from teaspoon quickly onto wax paper.
title: Pastry Crunch instructions: Place candy coating in microwave. Melt according to directions. Stir melted coating in remaining ingredients. Spread on wax paper to cool. Break into pieces and store in an airtight container.
title: Chippewa Soup instructions: Soak the split peas overnight. In a large pot (preferably 3-4 gallons) heat a small amount of oil until very hot. Add the carrots, onions and celery and sweat the vegetables. Add the garlic and sweat a few more minutes. Add the curry powder to the vegetables and stir until curry is thoroughly mixed with the vegetables. Add all remaining ingredients to the pot. Bring this to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for approximately three hours. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Remove the bay leaves and puree the soup through a food mill or in an electric blender. Chill thoroughly. This is the base for Chippewa Soup. It should be slightly salty because it is the base and needs to be creamed before use.
title: Coconut Cream Pie(Low Calorie)   instructions: Mix pudding mix with 3 cups milk. Add coconut.	Pour in baked or graham pie crust. Cover with Cool Whip. Sprinkle with toasted coconut. Keep in refrigerator.
title: Voodoo Chicken instructions: Mix together vinegar, soy sauce, onions, garlic and pepper. Add chicken and marinate overnight. Remove chicken. Combine mustard and ketchup; coat chicken pieces well. Bake chicken, skin side down, for 30 minutes. Turn chicken pieces over. Mix together remaining mustard and ketchup, coating mix, milk and remaining marinade. Pour over chicken pieces and bake an additional 45 minutes. Serve over rice. Baking temperature is 350°. Baking time is 1 hour and 15 minutes total.
title: Chicken Divan instructions: Butter sides and bottom of 13 x 9-inch dish. Boil and debone chicken. Chop in bite size pieces. Steam broccoli until crisp and lay broccoli in bottom of dish. Spread chicken on top. Place American cheese evenly on top of chicken. Open 2 cans soup and place 1/2 teaspoon curry powder and 1 teaspoon lemon juice in each can. Stir. Pour the soup on top of the cheese and spread evenly. Slice Cheddar cheese and place evenly over soup. Melt 1/2 stick margarine. Add 1 cup bread crumbs and stir until moist. Sprinkle crumb mixture on top of casserole. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Old Fashioned Tea Cakes instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add milk, nutmeg and vanilla. Sift flour and baking powder together and combine with other mixture. Add enough additional flour to roll out and cut. Bake on ungreased cookie sheet in oven at 325° for 15 minutes. Yield: approximately 4 dozen. Happy eating!
title: French Toast And Sauce instructions: In a wide shallow bowl, beat 1st four ingredients. For each slice, melt 1 tablespoon of butter in skillet. Dip bread in egg mixture; turn and coat the other side. Cook slices in butter, browning on both sides. Serve with Sauce as follows.
title: Spaghetti Pie instructions: Cook spaghetti (about 3 cups). Stir olive oil into hot spaghetti. Stir in Parmesan cheese and eggs. Form spaghetti mixture into a "crust" in a 10-inch pie plate sprayed with Pam. Spread cottage cheese over bottom of spaghetti crust.
title: Baked Corn instructions: Mix all together well. Bake 1 hour at 350°.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together in buttered casserole dish. Sprinkle grated cheese over top of casserole. Bake at 350° until bubbly, at least 1 hour. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Favorite Chocolate Cake instructions: Sift all dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Stir. Add the rest and beat with electric mixer for 2 minutes. Pour into greased and floured pans (2). I use small tube pan. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Tube pan takes 40 minutes.
title: Blue Muffins instructions: Mix thoroughly. Pour into muffin pans and bake at 350°.
title: Devils Chicken(Pollo Alla Diavola)   instructions: Using poultry shears, cut the bird open by cutting down the backbone. Flatten a bit by pounding with your hand so that the chicken is "butterflied". Mix the remaining ingredients in a large bowl; marinate the bird for 2 hours.
title: Friendship Tea instructions: Mix 3 heaping tablespoonfuls per cup of hot water.
title: Heath Bar Pie instructions: Mix chopped Heath bars with whipped topping and pour into crust. Top with chocolate curls or chopped nuts. Refrigerate.
title: Victorian Baked French Toast instructions: Cook brown sugar, butter and corn syrup in small saucepan until butter melts. Pour into 9 x 13-inch pan. Layer bread in pan, squeezing together to fit. Mix eggs, milk and cinnamon. Pour over bread (you can cover and refrigerate overnight). Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until center is done and lightly browned.
title: Quick Swedish Meatballs instructions: Combine meat, bread crumbs, cheese, soup mix, seasonings and 1/4 cup milk; mix thoroughly (with hands). Form into small balls. Brown lightly; remove to a baking dish. Drain excess grease, leaving small amount in skillet. Blend in sauce mix and remaining milk (add more or less milk for desired thickness). Cook until thick and bubbly. Pour over meat balls. Bake in a 350° oven for 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Irish Stew(Microwave)   instructions: In 4-quart casserole, combine lamb, 1 1/4 cups water, soup mix and bay leaf. Heat, covered, 7 to 8 minutes on High. Continue cooking on power level 3 for 35 to 40 minutes. Stir occasionally. Add carrots, heat on level 3 for 15 minutes until ingredients are done. Stir once. Peel and cube potatoes and add to stew. Blend flour and remaining water. Heat 5 minutes on High, or until thickened, stirring twice. Serves 6.
title: Peach Salad instructions: Mix jello with hot water and sugar. Allow to come to a boil. Take off stove and add peaches and pineapple.
title: Hidden Valley Ranch Oyster Crackers instructions: Combine salad dressing mix and oil. Add dill weed, garlic powder and lemon pepper. Pour over crackers; stir to coat. Place in warm oven. Use very low temperature for 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Pepperoni Loaf instructions: Take thawed bread and roll out onto cookie sheet. Set on door of oven preheated to 350° and let it rise for 15 to 20 minutes (until puffy). Lay the slices of Provolone over entire loaf and then layer the pepperoni slices. Roll bread in a jelly-like roll. Take egg white and baste bread. Sprinkle sesame seed on top. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Animal Crackers instructions: Grind oatmeal in blender until fine. Add honey, salt, flour and soda. Stir. Cut in butter. Add buttermilk and stir. Roll very thin. Cut with animal cookie cutters. Bake at 400° until brown (10 to 12 minutes).
title: Sauerkraut instructions: Cook kraut and water about 10 minutes. Fry bacon. Add onion to drippings and cook until onion is glazed. Add flour and stir well. Pour water from kraut into gravy mixture and add sugar. Add kraut. Salt and pepper to taste. Let mixture come to a boil, if too thick add more water.
title: Good Cabbage Slaw instructions: Place alternate layers of cabbage and onions in a large bowl. Cover with sugar and celery seed. Boil together vinegar, salt and mustard. Add oil; heat again to boiling. Pour over cabbage and onions. Do not mix. Refrigerate at least 4 hours. Better after 24 hours. Stir and serve. Keeps well.
title: Roasted Potatoes With Arugula instructions: Preheat oven to 450°. In large roasting pan, toss potatoes with the oil and seasoning until coated. Bake 40 minutes, stirring once, until potatoes are tender. Place arugula in large serving bowl. Add potato mixture and toss until arugula is wilted. Serve hot or at room temperature. Makes 4 servings.
title: Pineapple Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together by hand, squeezing to remove any cream cheese lumps. Pour into a bowl or 9 x 13 pan and let stand in the refrigerator overnight before serving.
title: Antionett'S Soup instructions: Saute ground beef, pepper, onion, parsley and garlic. In large deep pot, place tomatoes, water and bouillon cubes. Add the sauteed mixture and simmer for 20 minutes. Cook tiny bow noodles; drain. Add to mixture. Just before serving, add fresh sauteed mushrooms.
title: Seafood And Pasta Salad instructions: Boil the noodles, then rinse and put in a bowl which you will be using for serving the salad. Saute scallops in the olive oil. Add the scallops along with the rest of the seafood to the noodles. Dice the green onions (exclude the chive part) and boiled eggs. Add to the salad. Add mayonnaise; use more or less for taste. Mix ingredients together. Ready to serve!
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Saute onion in 2 tablespoons margarine. Add next six ingredients and mix. Spread in a casserole dish.
title: Easy Peanut Blossom Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In mixer bowl, beat condensed milk, peanut butter and vanilla until smooth. Add Bisquick; mix well. Chill at least 1 hour. Shape into 1-inch balls. Roll in granulated sugar. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Do not overbake. Press Hershey kiss in center of each cookie immediately after baking. Cool. Store tightly covered at room temperature.
title: Chicken Broccoli Casserole instructions: Sprinkle top with 1 cup grated cheese. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Chicken And Broccoli Casserole instructions: In greased casserole dish, mix chicken, broccoli, soup, sour cream, 1/2 cheese and 1 cup bread crumbs. Spread evenly. Top with remainder of cheese and bread crumbs. Bake at 350° for approximately 1 hour.
title: Onion Burgers instructions: Brown meat and drain off fat. Add onion and simmer until tender. Add all other ingredients and simmer 20 to 25 minutes. Spoon mixture onto (toasted) buns. Add mustard and pickle slices if desired.
title: Lebanese Carrots instructions: Combine sauce ingredients. Add salt and pepper to taste. Pour over vegetables. Allow to sit (refrigerated) for 24 hours. Serve on cold platter as salad or relish. Serves 8.
title: Lemon Sugar Cookies instructions: Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Heat oven to 400°. Work shortening in a bowl until creamy. Add the 1 cup granulated sugar and beat until well blended. Add egg; beat thoroughly. Add sifted dry ingredients alternately with lemon juice to creamed mixture. Beat until smooth. Cover and chill 1 hour. Roll a small portion of dough at a time on a lightly floured board to a thickness of about 1/4-inch. (Keep rest of dough refrigerated.) Cut with a 2-inch cookie cutter. Place cookies 2 inches apart on a lightly greased cookie sheet and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until edges are lightly browned. Cool on wire racks. Makes about 4 to 5 dozen cookies.
title: Mexican Cornbread instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix and bake at 350° in cookie sheet for about 30 minutes or until done.
title: Molasses Cookies instructions: Mix together the first 5 ingredients. Combine remaining dry ingredients together and add to molasses mixture. Mix well. Let set overnight in refrigerator. Roll out and bake at 350° for 12 minutes.
title: Italian Style Meat Loaf instructions: In large bowl, combine all ingredients; mix well. Place in 4 1/2 x 8-inch loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour; drain.
title: Banana Split Cake instructions: First Layer: Mix graham cracker crumbs with melted oleo and press into bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Mother J'S Chocolate Cake(Delicious!)   instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, and mix well. Add buttermilk. Add flour, 1 cup at a time, mixing well. Add vanilla. For layer cake bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes. For sheet cake pan bake at 325° for 1 hour and 20 minutes. Makes three layers or sheet cake. Real nice for birthdays.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Thaw broccoli. Cook chopped onion in butter until tender. Add rest. No salt! Excellent for potlucks. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Southwest Taco Dip instructions: Combine beans, turkey, onion and chili powder in a skillet. Cook over medium heat until turkey is brown. Stir occasionally to mash beans and break up turkey. Stir in salsa and place in microwave-proof dish. Sprinkle with cheese and microwave on High 1 to 2 minutes until cheese is melted. Combine sour cream, cilantro, salt and pepper and spread on top. Sprinkle with avocado, tomato and green onions. Serve with tortilla chips. Makes 7 cups.
title: Orange Roughy Fillets instructions: Fry onion in butter until golden. Cover pan with foil. Lay fish out. Put butter, garlic and 1 teaspoon of orange juice on top of fish. Broil for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Fresh Tomato Aspic instructions: Soften gelatin in 1 cup cold water; add bouillon cubes. Place over low heat, stirring constantly, until gelatin and bouillon cubes dissolve. Remove from heat and add remaining 1 cup water, tomato juice, lemon juice, dill weed, salt, hot sauce and green onion. Chill gelatin mixture until consistency of unbeaten egg white.
title: Banana Strawberry Smoothie instructions: Put ingredients in a blender and whip for 1 minute. Serve immediately. Makes 2 large glasses.
title: Asparagus Casserole instructions: Melt oleo; slice bread in finger size slices. Dip in melted oleo and set aside. Drain cooked asparagus and place in a long casserole dish. Cut water chestnuts and place on top. (I use the juice too.) Put cheese on that, then cover with mushroom soup. Cover with bread slices. Bake at 350° until bread is brown.
title: 7 Layer Dish instructions: Building from bottom of covered (tall) casserole dish (2 1/2-quarts), spread in layers, 2 cubed raw potatoes (1/4-inch cubes), 2 diced raw carrots, diced celery (enough to cover layer), small can peas, drained, 1 1/2 tablespoons Minute rice (cover peas), 1/2 pound raw ground chuck. Pat down; add 1 cup tomato soup. Final layer, another 1/2 pound ground chuck. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours covered.
title: Inside Out Ravioli instructions: Brown beef, onion and garlic in skillet. Add sauce. Cook spinach according to directions. Drain. Mix spinach, eggs and oil, then combine this mixture with pasta, cheeses and crumbs. Spread in a 9 x 13-inch greased dish and top with meat sauce. Bake for 30 minutes at 350°, covered with foil. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting.
title: Lo-Cal Baked Perch Fillets With Lemon Butter instructions: Grease a 9-inch square baking dish. Place fillets in pan. Arrange onions down center of fish. Dot each fillet with margarine. Sprinkle with lemon juice, salt and pepper. Bake at 425° for 30 minutes or until fillets flake with fork. Cut into portions. Serve. Makes 6 servings, 118 calories each.
title: Mayonnaise Cake instructions: Mix flour, sugar, cocoa and baking soda. Blend in remaining ingredients. Preheat oven to 350°. Bake 30 to 35 minutes by inserting toothpick into center. When clean when pulled out tells you it's ready. Let cool and remove from pans. Great by itself or you may add frosting or icing of your choice.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Saute onions in butter. Add broccoli and simmer until tender. Add remaining ingredients and heat until smooth. Pour into a greased 2-quart casserole dish and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Spinach Cheese Casserole instructions: Saute butter, mushrooms and onions. Add to rest of ingredients and gently mix together. Bake in a 9 x 13-inch greased casserole at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Japanese Fried Rice instructions: Wash rice in several cold water rinses until water is clear. Put into 3-quart saucepan with water to cover rice, about 1-inch from top of rice. Cook on high until this boils. Turn on low heat with lid until all water is absorbed and rice is tender and flaky. Turn heat off and let steam with lid on.
title: No Peek Chicken instructions: Line bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan with foil. Sprinkle the rice on the foil and place chicken pieces on rice. Mix soup and water, then spread over chicken. Sprinkle onion soup mix over all. Cover and seal. Bake at 350° for 2 1/2 hours, without peeking.
title: Green Bean Salad instructions: Let marinate in refrigerator overnight.
title: Missouri Casserole instructions: Make 1 pound of your favorite meat loaf and pat into a 10-inch pie plate. Spread 1 small can of tomato sauce over top and bake in a 350° oven for 45 minutes. Then add grated cheese over top and put back in oven until cheese is melted. Slice like pie and serve with beer bread.
title: Irish Stew instructions: Brown beef in margarine; add garlic and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add flour to meat; stir. Add Guiness and stir well to remove any lumps. Add remaining ingredients, stirring very frequently, to avoid sticking. Stew is done when potatoes and carrots are tender.
title: Green Beans Marinated instructions: Fry bacon. Remove from grease. Pour off grease, leaving at least 4 tablespoons. Add sugar, mustard, vinegar and water. Heat until dissolved. Add beans. Cook about 5 minutes. Serve at room temperature. Crumble bacon over top of beans when ready to serve.
title: Fresh Apple Pound Cake instructions: Grease and flour a 10 x 4-inch Bundt pan. Thoroughly stir together flour, soda and salt. In a large mixing bowl at medium speed, beat oil, granulated sugar, eggs and vanilla until combined. Gradually beat in flour mixture until smooth. Fold in apples and pecans. Turn into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven at 325° for 1 hour and 20 minutes. Place cake in pan on wire rack to cool 20 minutes.
title: Polenta instructions: In pan mix corn meal with 1 cup cold water. Add 3 cups hot water and salt. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly for 7 to 8 minutes, bringing heat down to low. Place in two dishes, cover with gravy and sprinkle with grated cheese.
title: "Cholives" Puff Appetizers instructions: Soften butter. Add cheese and blend well. Blend in flour, a little at a time. Form dough around each olive, approximately 3/4-inch in diameter. Bake, on cookie sheet, for 10 to 15 minutes at 375°.
title: Sugar-Free Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Sprinkle gelatin on cold water in blender or food processor, using steel blade. Wait one minute, then add boiling water. Cover and process until gelatin granules dissolve. Add peanut butter. Process until blended. Add milk, yogurt and pudding mix. Process until smooth. Wait 5 minutes for mixture to thicken, then put into dessert cups or into pie shell. Chill until set. Sprinkle with peanuts, if desired.
title: Custard Pie instructions: Beat eggs and sugar together until creamy, then add flour, vanilla, salt, milk and heavy cream. Pour in unbaked pie shell. Sprinkle with nutmeg and bake in oven at 425° for 15 minutes, then at 325° for 40 minutes.
title: Barbecue Sauce Meatballs instructions: Combine ingredients, except barbecue sauce. Shape into 1-inch balls. Place on broiler rack (or place in oven on a cookie sheet) at 400°. Turn once. Cook until done. Combine meatballs with barbecue sauce.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Melt margarine. Mix remaining ingredients in a bowl. Add melted margarine and stir. Cook in oven at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Honey'S Hominy Soup instructions: Saute peppers and onion in butter until translucent. Add 1 or 2 tablespoons of flour. Stir to mix well. Add chicken broth, stirring until mixture thickens. Add hominy and tomato soup. Mix thoroughly and continue heating to boiling point. Simmer to blend flavors. Serve hot.
title: Stuffed Cabbage instructions: Boil cabbage for 30 minutes. Drain and cool. Cook instant rice. Add to ground beef, egg, milk, onion, garlic and salt. Mix thoroughly. Stuff cabbage leaves with ground beef mixture. Arrange in "spaghetti" pot. Pour in tomato sauce and sauerkraut with 1 cup water. Cook over medium heat for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Serves 4.
title: Pizza Dip instructions: Saute ground beef with onion and garlic in skillet until brown; drain. Add next 4 ingredients, mixing well. Simmer for 10 minutes. Add Parmesan cheese, mixing well. Mix in cream cheese. Pour into chafing dish. Serve warm with taco chips. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
title: Angel Muffins instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Drop out on cookie sheet by tablespoon or pour into muffin cups. Makes 12 muffins. Bake at 400° for 15 minutes.
title: Chewy Peanut Butter Bars instructions: Cream shortening, peanut butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and eggs. Beat well. Mix in flour, baking powder and salt. Blend thoroughly. Stir in coconut. Spread evenly in a greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Cool and cut into bars. Makes 12 or so.
title: Beef And Potato Casserole instructions: Place potatoes on bottom and up sides of an 8 x 12-inch casserole. Bake, uncovered, at 400° for 10 minutes. Brown beef; drain. Place beef, broccoli and half of can of onions in potato shell.
title: Tuna-Noodle Casserole instructions: Mix all together. Pour into greased 2-quart casserole. Top with potato chips or cheese or leave plain. Bake in 350° oven until hot and bubbly, 35 to 40 minutes. May refrigerate leftovers.
title: Impossible Buttermilk Pie instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Grease 9-inch pie pan. Place ingredients in blender. Place on high for 30 seconds. Pour in pie pan. Bake 30 minutes or until knife comes out clean. Serve warm with fruit.
title: Hot Rolls instructions: Heat first 3 ingredients to boiling and cool to lukewarm. Add yeast and flour to make the consistency of cake dough. Set aside to rise for 2 hours. Add baking powder, soda and salt to the dough and more flour to make a stiff batter; let rise 2 hours before baking. This will keep days in the refrigerator.
title: Night Before Coffee Cake instructions: Mix together. Put on top of coffee cake batter. Refrigerate 20 minutes before putting into oven preheated to 350°. Bake 30 to 40 minutes. Freezes well. If frozen, remove from freezer the night before.
title: Summer Pickles instructions: Mix in 2 quart jar. Slice cucumbers until jar is full.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: In 1 1/2 quart dish combine soup, milk, soy sauce and pepper. Stir in broccoli and 1/2 can of onions. Stir. Cover with wax paper. Microwave on high for 8 minutes. Rotate dish and stir halfway through and stir. Top with remaining onions and cheese. Microwave uncovered 1 minute.
title: Coconut Pie instructions: Mix flour and sugar together. Have crust ready with about 1/2-inch coconut spread in bottom. Mix all other ingredients and pour over coconut. Bake at 350° until golden brown (30 minutes). To add a little something special, try adding a few raisins or pecans or a cupful of chocolate chips.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Grease 2 (9 x 5 x 3-inch) pans or 3 smaller pans. In a large bowl, cream oil and sugar. Stir in eggs, pumpkin and	water.	Blend in all	other ingredients. Pour in pans. Bake for 70 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean.
title: Shrimp Wreck(Tastes Best When Made Earlier In The Day.)   instructions: Chop shrimp and onion. Place in bowl. Add remaining ingredients and mix well (do not use blender). Chill. Serve with crackers. Makes 3 cups.
title: Fat-Free Strawberry Dessert(My Personal Recipe)   instructions: Prepare cake mix according to directions. Wash and slice strawberries and add yogurt. Mix well. Place a slice of cake on plate; top with strawberry yogurt mix and add fat-free whipped cream if you desire. Light and fresh!
title: New Year'S Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients (except meat) in a large roaster or baking pan. Place pork chops in mixture and cover them over completely. Add rest of meat, placing mixture over it and add 1 cup of water. Bake at 350° for several hours (checking to be sure you baste mixture over meat.)
title: Blueberry Breakfast Bread instructions: Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, orange rind, cheese and blueberries in a large bowl. Add orange juice, shortening and egg. Beat until smooth. Pour into a well-greased 12 x 7 1/2 x 2-inch pan. Bake in a preheated moderate oven (350°) for about 45 minutes or until bread feels firm to the touch.
title: Lasagna instructions: Simmer beef and sausage until brown. Drain all fat. Simmer onion, pepper and celery until tender. Add to beef mixture. Add oregano, salt, pepper and garlic, tomatoes, tomato paste and Ragu sauce. Simmer while cooking noodles. Layer sauce, noodles, Mozzarella, Ricotta and sauce. Should make 3 layers. Bake at 375° for 35 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes.
title: Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream powdered sugar, granulated sugar, oil and butter until light and fluffy. Beat eggs and vanilla in a small bowl. Add to mixture and blend well. Make small round balls. Press down on cookie sheet with a glass dipped in sugar. Bake 10 to 15 minutes at 350°.
title: Creamy Vinaigrette Dressing instructions: Combine all ingredients in a screwtop jar and shake. Chill.
title: Spinach Pie instructions: Put 1/2 pizza dough on greased sheet. Spread sauce to cover dough. Saute onion and garlic in butter; mix in cheeses and spinach. Spread on pizza dough. Place second layer of dough on top. Bake at 450° for 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Yum Yum Coffee Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs, then add sour cream and dry ingredients that have been mixed together. Put half of dough in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Sprinkle half of topping on dough. Add the rest of dough and put rest of topping on dough. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Macaroni Beef And Cheese Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Cook noodles; drain. Brown meat and onion; drain. Add tomatoes, tomato sauce, Worcestershire, mustard, salt and pepper. When mixture is hot, add cooked macaroni and grated cheese (leave enough cheese to go on top). Put mixture into a large casserole dish (5 to 6-quart). Add remaining cheese. Cook 30 to 40 minutes uncovered until a little brown.
title: Ultimate Chocolate Cake instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Brush cake pans with melted butter and dust with sifted flour, shaking out excess. Chill until needed. Melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler. Allow to cool. Cream together butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well. Mix in melted, cooled chocolate. Sift together flour, baking soda and salt and add gradually to chocolate mixture, alternating with buttermilk. Stir in boiling water and vanilla. Pour batter into prepared cake pans. Bake for 30 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean. Cool for several minutes in pans. Invert onto wire rack and cool before filling and decorating.
title: Mini Raisin Nut Breads instructions: Note: Need 12 empty well washed vegetable cans.
title: Jean Booth'S Party Punch instructions: Mix Kool-Aid according to directions on package. Add lemonade and orange juice, plus water called for one can. Add pineapple juice and sugar; stir. Makes 2 gallons or 64 (1/2 cup) servings.
title: Caramel Layer Chocolate Squares instructions: Melt together caramels and 1/3 cup evaporated milk. Mix together 1/3 cup evaporated milk, cake mix, butter and nuts. Press 1/2 cake mixture into greased and floured pan. Bake at 350° for 6 minutes (probably longer). Remove from oven.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream the butter and sugar. Add eggs and bananas. Sift flour and soda into mix. Add milk, vanilla and nuts. Bake in loaf pan at 350° until center is baked firm, about 30 minutes.
title: Hamburger Casserole instructions: Cook beef, onion and green pepper together. Salt to taste with garlic salt. Add tomato sauce, catsup and sugar. Cook egg noodles as directed on package and drain. Put half of the noodles on bottom of casserole; add half meat mixture. Dice cream cheese on top of meat. Add other half of noodles, top with last half of meat mixture. Cook in 350° oven for 30 minutes.
title: Prune Cake instructions: Mix dry ingredients together. Mix wet ingredients in separate bowl. Mix both together and bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Manhattan Clam Chowder instructions: Melt butter and slowly fry the bacon in a Dutch oven until golden. Remove and save. Add the onion, celery, bell pepper and garlic. Saute until onion is transparent. Add potatoes, celery, bell pepper, bay leaf and boiling water. Simmer for 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and catsup. Simmer until potatoes are soft. Add clams, thyme, cayenne pepper, parsley and bacon. Simmer 3 minutes. Remove bay leaf. Adjust seasoning and serve.
title: Christmas All Through The House Potpourri instructions: Put all ingredients in saucepan. Cover with water and allow to steep. Watch carefully. Do not allow water to evaporate. Good aroma throughout your house. Do not drink!
title: Irish Potato Candy instructions: Boil potato until well done. Take peeling off and mash well. Mix powdered sugar with potato until it is thick enough to roll out (takes about 1 pound box). Sprinkle dough board with powdered sugar. Roll out and spread with peanut butter. Roll up. Wrap in wax paper and refrigerate until cool enough to slice and serve.
title: Russian Tea Cakes instructions: Mix oleo/butter, powdered sugar and vanilla. Sift the remaining ingredients and add to the mixture. Chill dough and roll into 1-inch balls. Bake 10 minutes at 400°. While still warm, roll in powdered sugar.
title: Creative Dough(Kids' Play Dough)   instructions: Cook all ingredients in 1 1/2-quart saucepan over medium heat for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring vigorously, until mixture forms a ball. Remove dough from saucepan and let stand on counter 5 minutes. Knead dough about 30 seconds or until smooth and blended. Cool completely. Store in airtight container in refrigerator.
title: Blonde Brownies instructions: Mix flour, soda, baking powder and salt. Melt butter and add sugar. Blend in eggs and vanilla. Add flour and mix well. Sprinkle with chips and nuts. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Broiled Herbed Tomatoes instructions: Wash tomatoes and remove stem ends. Cut tomatoes in half crosswise. Melt butter in saucepan. Brush over cut surface of tomatoes with butter. Combine bread crumbs, rosemary, basil, salt and pepper. Sprinkle crumbs over tops of tomatoes. Pour remaining butter over top of crumbs. Broil under low heat with tops of tomatoes about 3-inches from heat for 10 to 12 minutes until tomatoes are heated through and crumbs are well browned.
title: Pistachio Coffee Cake instructions: Beat all together for 2 to 3 minutes.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Put all, except pecans, in mixing bowl; beat well with hand mixer. Stir in nuts. Place in unbaked pie shell. Bake 1 hour at 300°.
title: Blueberry Dump Cake instructions: Spread pie filling over bottom of 9x13x2 baking pan. (Spray pan with vegetable spray). Spread pineapple over blueberry filling. Sprinkle dry cake mix over pineapple. Pour margarine over all. Sprinkle top with coconut and pecan pieces. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour or until done. Makes 12 servings.
title: Orange Slice Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar; add eggs, one at a time. Roll dates and nuts in 1/2 cup flour. Add alternating with milk and coconut, fruit, nuts and orange slices. Bake at 200° to 300° for 2 or 2 1/2 hours.
title: Fruitcake Cookies instructions: *I use 6 tablespoons brandy.
title: Breakfast Casserole(Serves 8)   instructions: Brown meats and onion. Drain fat. Cook rice as directed. Combine all ingredients into a 3-quart glass casserole dish. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Puffs instructions: Arrange marshmallows in 8-inch square pan. Combine chocolate, peanut butter and butter in saucepan. Melt over low heat, stirring constantly. Pour mixture over marshmallows and smooth into the cracks. Refrigerate. Cut into small pieces about 30 minutes before serving.
title: Bertha'S Macaroni Delight instructions: In saucepan, cook onions in margarine. Stir in soup, milk and 3 slices of cheese. Heat until cheese melts. Add macaroni. Pour into 1-quart casserole. Top with remaining cheese and crumbs. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Mix oil, sugar, eggs and vanilla. Add sifted flour, soda and salt. Fold in pecans and apples. Pour into greased tube pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Pizza Casserole instructions: Saute onion and green pepper in small amount of margarine. Add ground beef and brown. Add tomato soup and pizza sauce. Stir in water. Simmer 15 minutes. Layer cooked noodles in a large greased casserole dish with lid. Pour meat mixture over noodles. Add mushrooms and pepperoni. Top with cheese. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Zucchini Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake in oven at 350° for 25 minutes or until well done.
title: Puppy Chow instructions: Melt butter, peanut butter and chocolate chips together in large saucepan. Let cool slightly. Pour over Rice Chex in large container.	Mix thoroughly. Toss well in powdered sugar to coat. May be poured out on waxed paper to cool, or may leave in container, tossing occasionally.
title: Funnel Cakes instructions: Beat egg and stir in remainder of ingredients. Drop in rings from spoon in 375° fat until brown. Sprinkle with powdered sugar.
title: Donah'S Coffee Milk instructions: Pour 1/2 cup coffee into a coffee mug. Pour in the milk. Add the sugar. Stir.
title: Marshmallows instructions: Combine gelatine and 1/2 cup cold water in electric mixer. Let stand 30 minutes.
title: Cucumber Relish instructions: Chop cucumbers, onions, garlic and peppers in blender. Cover with 1/3 cup salt in ice and let stand for 3 hours. Drain well. Mix vinegar, sugar and turmeric. Pour over cucumber mixture. Bring to a boil and simmer about 15 minutes. Makes about 8 pints. Good with soup beans.
title: Light And Dark instructions: Mix butter, flour and nuts together and pack in bottom of pan. Bake until brown and cool. Mix cream cheese and powdered sugar with mixer and put in the Cool Whip. Put on top of crust and put in refrigerator. Mix pudding and milk. Beat until thick and spread on top of 2nd layer. Spread rest of Cool Whip on top and nuts if you want them. If you want to make a big one, double everything except the crust.
title: Easy Chocolate Cake instructions: Mix sugar, flour and cocoa. Melt shortening and oleo. Add water and boil. Pour over dry ingredients. Add buttermilk, soda, eggs, vanilla and salt. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake 35 minutes at 400°.
title: Fried Whitefish(Modern)   instructions: Beat eggs. Salt fish and dip into eggs. Mix flour, cornmeal and bread crumbs for breading. Dip fish in breading. Fry in hot lard for 4 to 5 minutes on each side.
title: Jicama Sun Delight(Appetizer)   instructions: Cut outside skin off jicama. Slice into 1/4-inch pieces. Slice smaller, if desired. Peel skin off of cucumbers; slice small in 1/8-inch pieces. Peel oranges into sections. Squeeze 1/4 sections of lemon over vegetables and fruit. Add more, if desired. Keeps in fridge for about a week in sealed bowl.
title: Hidden Valley Ranch Oyster Crackers instructions: Combine Hidden Valley Ranch mix with dill weed, oil and garlic powder. Pour over crackers; stir to coat. Place in warm oven, 250° for 15 to 20 minutes. Stir gently halfway through baking; cool. Place in tight covered container.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Wash and drain mushrooms. Remove stems and chop to make 1 c.
title: Breakfast Casserole instructions: Cook sausage well and drain. Melt butter in 9 x 13-inch Pyrex dish. Tear bread into small pieces and sprinkle over butter. Sprinkle drained sausage over bread crumbs. Sprinkle cheese over sausage. Beat eggs and other ingredients. Pour over mixture. Chill 8 hours or overnight. Bake in 350° oven for 40 to 50 minutes. Serve immediately. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Italian Dressing instructions: Combine all ingredients in jar with tight fitting lid; shake well. Chill 3 hours. Strain to remove onion and garlic. Rechill. Makes 3 1/2 cups.
title: Strawberry Fluff instructions: Mix softened cream cheese and sugar thoroughly. Add pineapple, strawberries, nuts and bananas. Mix in cool whip thoroughly but gentle. Pour into pans. Freeze. Cut in squares.
title: Old-Fashioned Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Layer sliced potatoes in greased baking dish. Sprinkle each layer with salt, pepper, onion, parsley and flour. Dot with butter and add milk to cover. Bake, uncovered, at 375° until potatoes are tender.
title: Bee Sting Buns(Makes 16 Buns)   instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Unroll crescents and divide into scored triangles. Cut cream cheese block into 16 cubes. Place one cube at base of each triangle and roll up to enclose cheese. Bring ends of crescent together forming balls. Spray 16 muffin cups with nonstick coating. Combine remaining ingredients and spoon into bottoms of muffin cups. Place ball of dough in each cup. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, until golden brown and bubbly. Let cool 1 minute, then immediately invert onto foil.
title: Meatless Lasagna instructions: In a bowl, mix Ricotta cheese, egg, parsley, onion powder, pepper, garlic powder, salt and Parmesan cheese thoroughly. Pour 1 cup sauce in bottom of a 9 x 13-inch pan. Layer 3 pieces of uncooked lasagna noodles over sauce (noodles will later expand to fill empty spaces). Cover with about 1 1/2 cups sauce. Add about 1/3 of the Mozzarella slices. Spread Ricotta cheese mixture over sauce and Mozzarella cheese. Add 3 more noodles, more sauce and then the rest of the Ricotta mixture and the remaining sauce and Mozzarella cheese. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Remove foil and bake for about 5 minutes.
title: Pecan Fudge Pie instructions: Melt butter and mix all other ingredients, except pecans. Pour into pie shell. Place pecans on top and bake at 350° until done.
title: Browned Chicken And Salsa instructions: Use chicken legs, thighs and wings from Paul's Baked Chicken Breast. Brown in butter. Add your favorite salsa. Cover and simmer until chicken pieces are done. Do not allow salsa to break down. Simmer approximately 30 minutes. Serve over rice, pasta, potatoes or polenta. Serves 4.
title: Cheddar Chowder instructions: In saucepan, combine water, vegetables, salt and pepper. Cover and simmer 10 minutes. Do not drain. In large saucepan, melt butter. Stir in flour, them milk and heat to boiling. Continue simmering, stirring constantly until thickened. Add Cheddar cheese. Stir until melted. Add undrained vegetables and ham. Heat through, but do not boil. Freezes well. Makes 8 servings.
title: Cheese Patties With Pecans instructions: Grate cheese and mix with softened butter. Add flour and salt; work mixture with hands until it firms up. Shape into long roll; wrap in waxed paper. Refrigerate. Cut as for icebox cookies. Put pecan pieces on top. Bake at 400° for 10 minutes.
title: Crab Spread(Appetizer)   instructions: Mix all ingredients, except parsley, shrimp (or crab) and cocktail sauce. Spread on glass plate. Top with cocktail sauce and shrimp (or crab); sprinkle with parsley. Serve with chips or crackers.
title: Crispy Baked Onion Rings instructions: Cut onions into rings. Combine cereal, salt, sugar and paprika. Divide in half. Beat egg at high speed with electric mixer until soft peaks form. Dip onion in egg. Dredge in crumb mixture. Place in single layer on baking sheet coated with vegetable cooking spray. Bake at 375° for 15 minutes until crispy. Good and low-fat.
title: Peanut Butter Rice Krispie Bars instructions: Cream together peanut butter, sugar and corn syrup. Add Rice Krispies and put in an 8 x 8-inch pan. Press down. Top with chocolate chip pieces and place in heated oven until chocolate melts. Spread with knife. Cool and cut into serving pieces.
title: Unusual Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Cream shortening and sugar; add eggs and vanilla. Beat well. Sift flour, baking powder, soda, cinnamon and salt. Add gradually. Stir in oatmeal, coconut and nuts. Beat well. Drop by teaspoonful on cookie sheets. Bake at 350° for 12 to 15 minutes. Makes 5 dozen.
title: Salad Soup instructions: Mix first 7 ingredients in a blender. Stir in remaining ingredients. Chill at least 1 hour before serving. Keeps for weeks in refrigerator.
title: Christmas Cheer Punch instructions: Chill ginger ale and soda in bottles in refrigerator. Pour part of ginger ale and lemon-lime in separate ice cube trays; place a green or red cherry or orange slice in each cube. Freeze as quickly as possible. When ready to serve, put cubes in chilled punch bowl and pour in chilled carbonated beverages. Place bowl in bed of Christmas greens or other appropriate decoration. Yields 30 servings.
title: Fresh Cranberry-Orange Relish instructions: Process all ingredients in food processor using on/off turns until finely chopped. Cover and chill at least 1 hour. Makes 3 cups; 12 servings.
title: May Muffins instructions: Mix lightly, bake in greased muffin pan for 15 to 20 minutes in a 425° preheated oven. Yields 10 to 12 muffins.
title: Oyster Cracker Snack instructions: Mix all dry ingredients and spread over crackers, then spread oil over.
title: Quick Salmon Casserole instructions: Drain and flake salmon and save liquid. In a 1-quart, greased casserole, combine soup, liquid, peas and salmon. Top with potato chips. Place in a moderately hot oven (375°) and bake for 30 minutes or until bubbling hot. Makes 4 to 6 servings. This is very delicious.
title: Tofu Foo Yong instructions: Saute snow peas, green onions and chestnuts in water over low heat for 5 minutes. When vegetables are crisp-tender, mix in sprouts, remove from heat and set aside.
title: Cheese Cake instructions: Grease spring-form pan with butter; dust with graham cracker crumbs. Beat cream cheese and Ricotta until creamy. Blend in sugar and eggs. Add cornstarch, lemon juice and vanilla until blended. Add melted butter and sour cream and blend well. Pour into a 10-inch spring-form pan up to top ring. Bake in preheated 250° oven for about 1 1/2 hours until firm around edges. Turn off heat and leave in oven for 2 hours. Cool on rack, then put in refrigerator until morning. Remove sides of pan. Top with any topping you wish or eat plain.
title: M&M Cookies instructions: Blend shortening, brown and white sugar in bowl. Beat in vanilla and eggs. Sift remaining dry ingredients together, add to sugar, egg mixture blending well. Stir in M&M's. Bake at 325° for 10 minutes.
title: Chickpea Spread On Baguette instructions: Crush chickpeas leaving some chunkiness to them. Stir in sour cream, add rest of ingredients except cheese. Slice baguette on an angle. Spread with chickpea mixture. Top with shredded cheese. Place on baking sheet. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Place under broiler for a couple minutes until cheese is bubbly and browning.
title: Quick One Dish Meal instructions: Prepare macaroni and cheese as directed; add green pepper, onion and tuna. Mix well and let set for 5 or 10 minutes with the lid on.
title: Instant Spiced Russian Tea instructions: Mix together thoroughly. Use about 1 teaspoon for each serving or 1/4 cup for a quart. Good hot or cold.
title: Bean Dip instructions: Brown ground beef with onion. Drain grease. Add refried beans, seasoning mix and tomato sauce. Mix well. Spread in shallow dish. Top with grated cheese.
title: Prune Whip Pie instructions: Remove stones from prunes and press pulp through food mill or coarse sieve. Add juice, sugar and salt. Beat egg yolks; add milk and cook over boiling water, stirring constantly, until mixture coats spoon. Remove from heat at once and stir in gelatin, which has been softened 5 minutes in the cold water. Add to prunes when cool. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour into baked shell and chill in refrigerator.
title: Breakfast Bars instructions: Butter 9 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. In a large saucepan, melt butter and marshmallows over low heat, stirring constantly. Stir in peanut butter until melted. Stir in milk and breakfast drink. Remove from heat. Fold in raisins and cereal stirring until evenly coated. Turn into pan. With buttered hands, pat evenly in pan. Cool thoroughly. Cut into bars. Makes 1 dozen bars.
title: Salmon Patties For Two instructions: Drain salmon, reserving liquid. Flake and clean salmon and blend it with the reserved liquid and the remaining ingredients. Add more crackers or another egg if the consistency will not make firm patties. After you make the patties, fry them in a skillet. Fry with 2 or 3 tablespoons melted butter. Brown on both sides. Serve with sliced lemon wedges.
title: Soft Date Cookies instructions: Cream sugar and butter. Then add eggs, vanilla, salt and flour. Then the cooled dates, 1/2 c nuts may be added. The batter will be soft. Drop by teaspoonfuls on cookie sheet. Bake at 375° 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Pickled Corn instructions: Cook corn until just tender; rinse until cold. Leave on cob or cut off. Put in jars. Pour over a mixture of 1 gallon water, 1 cup salt and 2/3 cup vinegar. Seal and let stand a few weeks.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Add can of chicken broth to chicken while cooking the chicken. After chicken is done, cut in small pieces. Put layer of chicken and layer of dressing. Repeat this step. Add mixture to moisten. Pour cream of chicken and celery soup plus chicken broth over the layers. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Cheese Squash instructions: Cook squash in small amount of boiling salted water until tender. Combine all ingredients except 1/2 of cheese and paprika. Pour into buttered casserole and place remaining cheese on top and sprinkle with paprika. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Sage is the surprise in this combination.
title: Roasted Potatoes instructions: Thoroughly blend all ingredients. Add potatoes and coat well. Bake, stirring often, until tender and golden brown. Serves 8.
title: Spinach Balls instructions: Mix and refrigerate to stiffen to shape into 1-inch balls. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Yields 40 to 50 balls.
title: Brown Gravy instructions: Add bacon grease, salt and flour. Stir until brown. Add milk slowly, stirring until thickens. Serves 8.
title: Italian Pasta And Bean Soup(Pasta E Fagioli)   instructions: In medium saucepan, saute garlic in oil just until it begins to brown. Add tomatoes, beef broth, parsley, salt, pepper, basil, oregano, and beans. Simmer uncovered, 20 minutes. Stir in pasta to heat. Serve with grated cheese and crusty Italian bread.
title: Pumpkin Muffins instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Cream sugar and shortening. Add eggs, pumpkin and water and mix at low speed. Blend in flour, soda, salt, baking powder, cinnamon and cloves. Stir in nuts and raisins. Bake about 20 minutes or until tester comes out clean.
title: Cabbage Patch Stew instructions: Combine the first 7 ingredients. Brown until meat is done. Drain and add remaining ingredients. May want to add to a stew pot. Bring to boil and then simmer 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Reuben Dip instructions: Mix together and heat in oven at 300°. Serve warm on cocktail rye or pumpernickel bread.
title: V. Mc'S Chicken And Broccoli instructions: Over medium heat, heat margarine in small skillet. Cook the chicken for 10 minutes, or until browned on both sides. Spoon off fat. Stir in remaining ingredients; heat to boiling. Reduce heat to low. Cover; simmer for 10 minutes, or until chicken and broccoli are tender to forking. Stir occasionally. Serves 4.
title: Onion Sandwich Spread instructions: Chop onion real fine. Add cream cheese, salt and mayonnaise. Mix well. Spread on bread of your choice. Cut into finger size sandwiches.
title: Raisin Bread instructions: Combine all dry ingredients including raisins. Beat eggs. Combine eggs, milk and flavoring. Stir liquid into dry ingredients. Fold in oil and mix thoroughly. Spoon into 2 greased loaf pans. Bake in 350° oven for 55 to 60 minutes. Cool on rack.
title: Moist Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together. Add beaten eggs and oil. Mix well. Bake at 325° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients until well blended. Add nuts last. Pour in shell. Bake at 350° for 50 to 55 minutes.
title: Florida Orange Chiffon Pie instructions: Combine pudding, concentrate, water and rind. Whip topping according to directions and add to above mixture. Place in an 8-inch prebaked pie shell and refrigerate.
title: Stuffed Luncheon Loaf instructions: Mix all ingredients. Bake in 350 oven for 30 minutes.
title: Date Roll instructions: Cream a little tolerance
title: Sweet Potatoes For Two instructions: Slice sweet potatoes into an 8-inch pie plate; set aside. In a saucepan, combine brown sugar, butter, water and salt. Bring to a boil. Pour hot syrup over potatoes. Bake uncovered at 350° for 30 minutes, basting occasionally or until syrup thickens and potatoes are glazed. Sprinkle with nutmeg or mace. Yields 2 servings.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Melt the butter in pan. Mix together the sugar, flour, milk and baking powder. Pour over melted butter. Pour peaches over batter. Sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon if desired. Bake for 30 minutes or until brown.
title: Yogurt Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients and pour in pie shell. Freeze 4 hours. Take out and let thaw until ready to serve.
title: Taco Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine ground chuck and onions in large skillet. Cook until meat is browned. Drain excess grease. Add the taco seasoning, salsa, Mexicorn, mayonnaise, and sour cream. Mix well and remove from heat. In a casserole dish (about 2 quart size), layer half of the meat mixture, chips and cheese. Repeat layers. Bake for about 20 minutes or until bubbly.
title: Scalloped Oysters instructions: Salt and pepper the oysters and place a layer in bottom of a buttered baking dish. Cover with a layer of cracker crumbs and dot with butter. Continue to layer until dish is full. Sprinkle with parsley flakes and pour the cream over. Bake 15 minutes at 400°.
title: Micro-Mushrooms instructions: Micromelt butter in a 2-quart glass dish on High for 1 minute. Saute onion, bouillon cube, garlic powder and pepper in butter. Cover and cook on High for 8 minutes. Stir after half the time. Add mushrooms and wine; cover. Cook on High for 5 minutes.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Mash and bake 15 to 20 minutes in a 400° oven in a greased baking dish.
title: Turkey And Cornbread Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients except cornbread mixture. Pour into 10-inch casserole dish and level. Prepare cornbread mixture according to directions and pour over turkey mixture. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes, at 450°.
title: Peach Or Apricot Jello Salad instructions: Heat pineapple, cream cheese and sugar until cheese melts. Add jello and stir well. Add cold water. Put in refrigerator to set. When mixture is near set, fold in Cool Whip and nuts. Put in a 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Shepherd'S Pie instructions: Heat oil; add onion and garlic. Saute over moderately low heat until onion is transparent. Add beef, tomato sauce, bouillon parsley, oregano , salt and pepper. Mix well. Cook mixture over moderately low heat until heated through. Put meat mixture in greased 2-quart casserole. Spoon potatoes evenly on top. Sprinkle potatoes with Parmesan cheese and dot them generously with butter. Bake, uncovered, in oven preheated to 375° just until dish is heated through and potatoes are tinged with brown. Yields approximately 6 servings.
title: Corn Tortillas instructions: Combine the ingredients to make a pliable dough. Divide in balls of desired size and roll between 2 pieces of plastic wrap into circles. Cook each circle on both sides on a hot griddle.
title: Chocolate Syrup instructions: Combine cocoa, water and salt in saucepan. Mix until smooth. Bring to a boil and simmer gently until smooth and thick. Allow to cool 10 minutes. Add vanilla and sweetener. Store covered in refrigerator. Stir well before using. One tablespoon equals 9 calories.
title: Broccoli Cornbread instructions: Mix well. Pour in a Crisco-greased, hot iron skillet. Bake at 450° for 20 minutes.
title: Barbecued Spoonburgers instructions: Melt shortening in skillet. Lightly brown the ground beef with salt, black pepper, red pepper, onion and chili powder. Sprinkle flour over mixture. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, tomatoes and catsup. Simmer 15 to 20 minutes. Makes 18 to 20 servings.
title: Indoor S'Mores instructions: Melt 5 cups of marshmallows, the corn syrup, butter and chocolate chips in 3-quart saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly; remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Pour over cereal in large bowl. Mix melted ingredients with cereal quickly until completely coated with chocolate. Stir in 1 cup marshmallows. Make squares by pressing mixture evenly in buttered 13 x 9-inch pan with the back of a buttered spoon. Let stand at least one hour or refrigerate for a firmer bar. Cut into 2-inch squares.
title: Chocolate Eclair Cake instructions: Butter a 9 x 13-inch pan. Lay whole graham crackers on bottom of pan. Mix pudding with milk and then blend with Cool Whip. Spread 1/2 of pudding mixture over graham crackers. Add another layer of graham crackers and remainder of the pudding mix. Top with third layer of graham crackers. Cover with Chocolate Topping.
title: Eugene'S Chicken instructions: Sprinkle beef in bottom of casserole. Place chicken breasts on top of beef. Pour chopped mushrooms over chicken. Mix cheese, sour cream and chicken soup in blender; pour over chicken. Cover with foil. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Remove foil; add sherry and bake 45 minutes to 1 hour more.
title: Easy Chicken Gumbo instructions: Mix all ingredients in large crock-pot and cook on low for about 8 hours. Serve over rice.
title: Baked Barbecue instructions: Bake at 275° uncovered 2 hours in shallow pan. Serve on warm buns.
title: Cherry Chiffon Dessert instructions: Combine ingredients in large bowl, folding together until blended. Spoon into decorative bowl. Chill. Makes 12 to 14 servings. Chill 30 minutes before serving.
title: Old Fashioned Chocolate Pie instructions: Combine 2 cups sugar, flour, cocoa and salt in medium saucepan. Stir in milk and butter; cook over medium heat. Separate eggs; beat yolks and stir into mixture. Continue to stir until thick. Pour into baked crust.
title: Barbecue instructions: This is a delicious and easy crock-pot recipe. Mix well and cook about 10 hours on low in a crock-pot. Stir and serve.
title: One Dish Chicken Dinner instructions: Mix soups, broth and rice. Place in 9 x 13-inch baking dish; put chicken pieces on top of rice mixture. Season with the pepper and Lawry's salt. Cover and bake for 2 1/2 hours. Uncover and bake 30 minutes more. Bake at 350° for 3 hours.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Cream sugar and eggs until thick and lemon colored. Slowly add oil while beating at medium speed. Add flour slowly, scraping down sides of bowl. As you beat, add vanilla. Stir in by hand nuts and carrots. Pour batter into 3 greased and floured 8-inch pans. Bake 30 to 35 minutes at 325°. Frost with cream.
title: Chicken Pronto instructions: Dip chicken in Italian dressing, then into bread crumbs. Place in baking dish. Cover and bake at 450° for 15 minutes. Uncover; bake 10 minutes more. Serves 4. (I prefer skinless chicken.)
title: 1-2-3-4 Cake instructions: Cream together butter, sugar and eggs, then add salt and baking powder. Add alternately flour, milk and vanilla. Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into batter at last. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Makes three 9-inch layers.
title: Broccoli Salad instructions: Mix together salad dressing, sugar and vinegar. Toss with the rest of ingredients. Chill before serving. Serves 4 to 6.
title: No Bake Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Thoroughly mix everything together. Shape the dough into little balls, then enjoy.
title: Carrots A La Orange instructions: In a large skillet, bring salted water to a boil. Add carrots to boiling water and cook over medium heat until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well. Add butter, marmalade and nutmeg to carrots. Saute over medium high heat until carrots are glazed. Serve immediately. Serves 4.
title: Bread And Butter Pickles instructions: Slice onions and cucumbers. Sprinkle salt and alum over cucumbers and onions. Let stand 1 hour. Drain in colander; set aside. Make syrup of vinegar, sugar, celery seed, mustard seed, turmeric and ginger in large pot and bring to boil for 5 minutes. Pour drained cucumbers into syrup. Pour into hot, sterile jars immediately. Seal. I put the jars in water and bring to a boil before filling so they will be hot enough to seal. Yield: 6 pints.
title: No Crust Coconut Pie instructions: Flour and grease large Pyrex dish. Mix all of the ingredients and pour into the dish. Bake at 375° for 35 minutes.
title: Low-Fat Mexican Dip instructions: Combine Dannon plain yogurt and cilantro; mix well. Set aside. In a separate bowl combine refried beans with 1/3 c. salsa. Spread half of this mixture into a flat 2 quart serving bowl. Spread half the yogurt mixture over the beans followed by half the black olives, half the remaining salsa, half cheese and half peppers, if desired. Repeat the layering again. Cover and chill completely. Serve with your favorite chips, or crackers.
title: Barbecue Sauce instructions: Mix all ingredients and cook together for at least one hour. Put it on before the grill gets hot. Keeps forever in the fridge.
title: Butter Pecan Pound Cake instructions: Beat eggs, water and oil until blended well. Add cake mix and mix well. Add icing to batter and blend with a spoon. Bake in greased and floured tube pan 1 hour at 350°. Cool in pan at least 15 minutes. (You may use a Bundt pan.)
title: Grasshopper Pie instructions: Heat milk in double boiler. Add marshmallows and stir until melted. Cool thoroughly. Combine whipped cream, creme de menthe and creme de cacao. Fold into cooled marshmallow mixture. Pour into chilled crust and freeze. Serve frozen.
title: Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Blend together the salad oil, sugar, brown sugar and vanilla. Fold in the beaten eggs. Sift together the flour, soda and salt. Add the chocolate chips. Drop by rounded teaspoonful on nongreased pan. Bake at 375°.
title: Brownies instructions: Melt oleo and cocoa over low heat. Add flour, sugar and baking powder; stir to blend. Add eggs and vanilla; blend. Add nuts. Pour into a greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Mounds instructions: Mix first five ingredients and press into 2 long Pyrex dishes. Chill overnight. Melt paraffin and chocolate chips in top of double boiler over low heat, stirring frequently. Cut coconut mixture into small squares and dip into chocolate (use toothpicks). Let cool on waxed paper. Store in refrigerator.
title: Watergate Salad instructions: Mix all these together, chill overnight and serve.
title: Summer Chicken Salad instructions: Combine 2 tablespoons juice drained from pineapple with mayonnaise, mustard, curry powder and salt. Set aside. Cut chicken into small slivers and mix with remaining ingredients. Add flavored mayonnaise and blend well. Serve with lettuce, pineapple and green grapes, if desired. (Can be made ahead.) Serves 4.
title: Pie Crust(I Can'T Believe It Works)   instructions: Mix flour, salt and shortening. Add egg, vinegar and water, mixing with a fork until flour is moistened. This is a crust that you can play with.
title: Foolproof Hollandaise instructions: Put eggs, salt, mustard, lemon juice and Tabasco in blender and blend for 3 minutes. Heat butter until melted and hot. Do not burn. Add butter, in a steady stream, to blender while blender running.
title: Eva'S Caramel Corn instructions: Melt margarine; add sugar, Karo syrup and salt. Bring to rolling boil and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat; add soda and vanilla. Mix well. Pour over popped popcorn and mix well. Place pan in oven at 200° and bake for 1 hour; stir every 15 minutes.
title: Marinated Carrots instructions: Cook carrots and cool. Put onion in bottom of bowl. Add green peppers, then place carrots on top of peppers. Combine oil, vinegar, sugar, tomato soup, salt and pepper and cook well. Pour heated sauce over the top. Cover bowl and refrigerate 24 hours. When serving, mix all together and serve cold.
title: Cheese And Pasta instructions: Cook beef in 2 tablespoons oil and drain well. Add onions, spaghetti sauce, tomatoes and undrained mushrooms. Mix and simmer 20 minutes. Meanwhile, cook shells; drain and rinse.
title: Stuffed Hamburgers instructions: Prepare hamburg for patties with salt and a little pepper. Make individual patties. Place a slice of dill pickle and a thin slice of onion. Fold patty over and seal. Brown in a little oleo or shortening. Pour the tomato sauce over the patties. Simmer 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Baked Beans instructions: Brown ground beef, onions and bell peppers; drain well. Combine ground beef mixture with remaining ingredients except bacon. Pour into a large casserole that has been sprayed with vegetable spray. Top with sliced bacon. Bake at 375° for 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Caesar Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients together except lettuce in food processor and blend until smooth. Pour over lettuce, tossing well. Top with croutons, if desired. Yields 4 servings.
title: Brazilian Cocoa instructions: In top of double boiler, combine chocolate, sugar and salt. Stir in boiling water. Over simmering water, heat until chocolate is melted. Add milk and coffee; stirring. Mix in nutmeg. Top with whipped cream. Sprinkle with instant coffee, if desired.
title: Ruth'S Jello Salad instructions: Prepare jello as directed. Chill until semi-jelled. Add remaining ingredients. Stir and pour into 6-cup mold. Refrigerate until set, about 3 hours.
title: Fruit Pizza instructions: Blend as for pie dough. Roll into a 13-inch circle and place in 12 inch pizza pan. Crimp edges. Prick dough all over w/fork to prevent bubbling. Bake at 425° 12-15 min. (For sweeter pizza, you may use prepared or homemade sugar cookie dough.) Cool completely.
title: Chocolate Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: Grease and flour 10-inch tube pan. Sift flour, cocoa and soda; set aside. Cream Country Crock and sugar together in large mixing bowl. Add eggs, mixing, one at a time. Add sour cream, while continuing to mix. Add flour, 1/2 to 1 cup at a time. Add vanilla and lemon flavorings. Bake at 325° for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Use a toothpick to doneness of cake before removing.
title: Sheet Cake instructions: Mix sugar and flour. In saucepan combine butter, cocoa and water. Bring to a boil; pour over sugar and flour. Add buttermilk, eggs, soda and vanilla. Bake 45 minutes to 1 hour at 350°.
title: Pumpkin Cake instructions: Cream together and bake in Bundt pan for one hour at 350°.
title: Doug Cooper'S Polynesian Black Bean Soup instructions: Boil beans in beef and chicken stocks until tender. Meanwhile, saute meat, onion and garlic. Add diced tomatoes and juice after meat is cooked. Reduce this mixture to a paste. When beans are tender, remove 2/3 of beans and puree. Combine pureed meat and bean puree. Put back into pot with beans. Let simmer. Will thicken. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Mix all dry ingredients. Add water, egg, oil and pumpkin. Grease 2 loaf pans. Fill with pumpkin mix. Bake at 350 degrees for about 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool on wire rack.
title: Golden Cream Potato Soup instructions: In a large saucepan, combine potatoes, water, celery, onion, parsley, bouillon cube and seasonings. Cover; simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Gradually add milk to flour, mixing well. Add milk mixture to vegetables; cook until thickened. Add broccoli and bacon, if desired. Add cheese; stir until melted. Serve hot.
title: Fried Sweet Potato Strips instructions: Fry potato in hot oil in a small skillet until lightly browned (watch carefully, they brown quickly). Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. (Strips will be crisp when cooled.) Yield: about 1 cup.
title: Oatmeal Cookie instructions: Cream shortening and sugars. Add eggs and vanilla; beat well. Add sifted dry ingredients. Add oatmeal and nuts. Mix well. Bake in 350° oven for 10 minutes.
title: Sugar Cookies instructions: Sift flour, baking powder, salt, soda and sugar. Cut in shortening. Blend in egg, milk and vanilla. Roll on floured board. Cut with cookie cutter. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 8 minutes. Yields 3 dozen.
title: Cheese Squares instructions: Cut bread about 1 1/2 inches thick and remove crust and cut in quarters. Whip butter and cheese together and ice the squares all over, except the bottoms. Place on baking sheet and bake in oven for about 10 minutes at 350°. Watch them closely.
title: Sausage Balls instructions: Combine and form into bite-sized balls. Bake at 375° for 15 minutes.
title: Mother'S Pound Cake instructions: Sift flour and baking powder. Mix shortening and sugar. Then add eggs to shortening and sugar and mix well. Add flour and milk alternately. Add flavoring. Bake 1 hour or until done at 350°.
title: Beef Stew By Sylvia instructions: Chop and mix meat and vegetables. Mix salt, sugar and tapioca and sprinkle over mixture. Add V-8 juice. Cover and bake at 275° for 5 hours.
title: Baked Pineapple instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and beat well. Add pineapple; stir in bread and cinnamon. Bake in greased casserole, uncovered, for 1 hour or lightly browned at 350°.
title: Peanut Butter Cups instructions: Combine and heat until smooth, peanut butter, margarine and vanilla. Gradually beat in 1 1/2 boxes confectioners sugar (when mixture gets too stiff for mixer, knead remaining sugar in with hands). Refrigerate until mixture is firm. Form into small balls. Melt over low heat the milk chocolate and paraffin pushed into chocolate. Dip the balls in chocolate; place on wax paper to harden. Makes 4 dozen.
title: Oreo Pie instructions: Crumble enough Oreo cookies to line bottom and sides of pie plate (I make mine small chunks). Fix the pudding according to directions on box. Place cookies in pie pan. Add pudding on top, then the cherry pie filling. Top with Cool Whip. Refrigerate.
title: Bacon-Flavored Chicken Breasts instructions: Sprinkle chipped beef in bottom of baking dish. Wrap chicken breasts with bacon. Mix sour cream and soup together and pour over chicken. Bake at 350° for about 1 hour.
title: Decadent Fudge Cake instructions: Cream butter in a large mixing bowl; gradually add sugar, beating well at medium speed of an electric mixer. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each addition.
title: Rice Salad(Great Switch From Potato Salad)   instructions: Cook rice according to directions. Chill. Add mayo or salad dressing, celery, onion, mustard and salt; mix well. Chill. Stir in eggs, radishes and cucumber before serving.
title: Enchilada Casserole instructions: Simmer hamburger meat, green chilies, soups and enchilada sauce for a few minutes. Crush Doritos in bottom of dish. Dish sauce on top. Sprinkle cheeses on top. Put in oven until cheeses melt. Serve.
title: Creamed Tacos instructions: Cook ground beef, onion and bell pepper together in a skillet; drain meat. In double boiler, mix the Ro-Tel tomatoes, evaporated milk and Velveeta cheese; heat until cheese melts. Layer ingredients from skillet on bottom of ungreased casserole dish, then spread cheese ingredients on top of meat, then layer flour tortillas. Repeat layers until all ingredients are used. Bake together in a 350° oven for 30 minutes.
title: Heavenly Pie instructions: Brown almonds by spreading on pan and placing in a 350° oven until lightly browned. Watch carefully. Sprinkle cool almonds over pie shell. Mix milk, salt, lemon juice, almond extract and vanilla together. Fold in whipped cream. Pour into pie shell and spread evenly. Spoon cherry pie filling over top. Refrigerate for 4 hours before serving.
title: Chicken Spinach Patties instructions: Put all ingredients except vegetable oil in a food processor and process until finely ground. Form small patties and saute in oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Flip until brown on both sides 1 minute. Serve when cool.
title: Chicken-Mexican Casserole instructions: In a mixing bowl, place soup, chiles, onion and water. Stir to blend well. Lay 1/2 corn chips in 2-quart casserole. Top with 1 can or 1 cup chunked chicken, then half of the tomato slices. Pour half of the soup mixture over chicken mixture. Sprinkle with half of the cheese. Repeat layers in same order, ending with cheese. Bake, uncovered, on High in microwave or reheat 8 to 10 minutes with cover on. Serves 6.
title: Chocolate Pudding Or Pie Filling instructions: Sift sugar, flour and cocoa. Add eggs and milk. Cook until thick. Add vanilla and butter. Use more flour for pie filling.
title: Taco Salad(Easier For Kids To Eat Than Traditional Tacos)   instructions: In a large skillet, rehydrate TVP granules and onion; drain. Stir in dry taco seasoning mix and water. Simmer 10 minutes over low heat. In a large bowl, combine lettuce, cheese, tomatoes and corn chips. Add TVP mixture just before serving. Top with sour cream and/or taco sauce. Yields 4 to 6 servings.
title: Fast Fudge Frosting instructions: Combine sugar, cocoa and salt, mixing well. Add boiling water and butter; blend. Add vanilla. Beat until of spreading consistency.
title: Au Gratin Potatoes instructions: Spray 2-quart shallow baking dish with cooking spray and set aside. Cover potatoes with cold water in a pot and bring to a boil. Cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside. While potatoes are cooking, heat oil over medium heat in a large nonstick skillet. Add onions and garlic; cook until onions are softened and beginning to brown (about 15 minutes). Spread thin layer of potatoes in baking dish, salt, pepper and onion mixture. Repeat layers ending with onions. Pour in milk. Sprinkle with parsley flakes on top. Bake until potatoes are slightly brown. Bake (preheated) at 400° for about 20 minutes.
title: Cranberry Tea instructions: In a large sauce pan cook cranberries in 2 1/4 quarts of water until berries pop. Add remaining ingredients and simmer 30 minutes. Strain out solids. Serve hot.
title: Chicken And Rice Casserole instructions: Mix rice, soup mix, onion, mushroom soup and water in baking dish. Sprinkle breasts with salt and pepper; put on top of rice mixture. Bake uncovered 1 hour and 30 minutes at 325°. Serves 6.
title: Lemon Meringue Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients together and cook over medium heat until thickened. Stir constantly. Remove from heat and pour mixture into baked pie shell. Beat egg whites and sugar, adding cream of tartar until stiff. Spread on pie and bake until brown.
title: Burrito Bake instructions: Grease 10 1/2-inch pie plate. Mix Bisquick, water and beans. Pat into pie plate. Layer remaining ingredients. Bake in 375° oven for 25 minutes. Serve with sour cream, if desired.
title: Big Boy Sandwich(Poor Boy Sub)   instructions: Slice bread lengthwise. Mix mayo, ketchup and mustard; spread on bread. Make layer of meats and cheeses on bottom half of bread and cover with top. Wrap in foil. Heat in oven until cheese melts or serve cold. If served cold, add lettuce, sliced tomatoes, onion rings, whatever. Can use any meats and cheeses.
title: Pepper Steak instructions: Cook round steak in oil. Add tomatoes and peppers to round steak. Add soy sauce, garlic salt, pepper, sugar and ginger to steak mixture. Cook for 10 minutes. Blend cornstarch with beef bouillon. Add to steak mixture. Cook 10 minutes until thickened. Serve over rice.
title: Shoe Peg Corn Casserole instructions: Melt oleo in skillet and stir in flour. Stir until smooth. Add cream and cook until smooth and thickened. Drain corn in colander and mix with sauce. Place in greased casserole and cook in 350° oven until bubbly (30 minutes).
title: Swiss Vegetable Medley instructions: Combine vegetables, soup, 1/2 cup cheese, sour cream, pepper and 1/2 can fried onions. Pour into a 1-quart casserole. Bake, covered, at 350° for 30 minutes. Top with remaining cheese and onions; bake, uncovered, 5 minutes longer. Makes 6 servings. Preparation time: 5 minutes.
title: Italian Style Duck instructions: In a saucepan, saute onion and mushrooms in 2 Tbsp. butter until tender. Stir in the tomato sauce, Parmesan cheese, 1/4 c. parsley and spaghetti sauce mix. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Cheese Roll-Ups instructions: Spread mixture over tortilla shell and roll up and slice. This mixture can also be use for a cheese ball and roll in nuts.
title: Chocolate Pistachio Cake instructions: Blend to moisten, then beat for 2 minutes. (Optional: a few drops of green food dye for a richer green color.) Pour about 3/4 batter into a greased and floured Bundt pan. With remaining batter, add 3/4 cup Hershey's chocolate syrup. Pour into Bundt pan on top of the green batter. (The chocolate batter will fall to the bottom.) Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Cool in pan on wire rack. When cool, dust with confectioners sugar.
title: Boiled Cookies instructions: Bring the sugar, butter, milk and cocoa to a boil. Panboil 1 minute. Remove from heat and add peanut butter, oatmeal, vanilla and nuts. Drop by spoonfuls on wax paper and let set 1/2 hour.
title: Sour Cream Cookies instructions: In bowl, cream the sugars and the shortening. Add well beaten eggs. Add sour cream. Alternate with sifted ingredients of flour, salt, nutmeg, baking soda and baking powder. Drop on greased and floured cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 13 to 15 minutes.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Place the chicken in the bottom of a greased baking dish. Spread the onion over the chicken, then spread the eggs over the onion. Mix together the vegetables, soup and broth and then pour over the top. Mix together the mayonnaise, milk and flour and pour over all other ingredients. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Silky Peanut Butter Fudge instructions: Grease an 8-inch square pan. In a heavy 3-quart pan, combine sugar, milk, butter and salt. Cook over medium heat until bubbling. Stir constantly. Reduce heat to low. Cook for 5 minutes, until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat. Quickly stir in marshmallows, chips, peanuts and vanilla until melted and smooth. Pour in pan. Refrigerate until firm. Cut into small squares. Store in airtight container. Layer with wax paper.
title: Broccoli And Rice Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together; put in a greased casserole dish. Make sure rice is moist and coated. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Apricot Salad instructions: Combine jello and pineapple and microwave in bowl until jello melts. Let cool. Add Cool Whip to buttermilk; stir well. Add jello mix when cooled. Stir well and refrigerate.
title: Church Windows instructions: Melt chips and butter and cool. Add marshmallows, nuts and vanilla and mix until all marshmallows are covered with the chocolate. Sprinkle coconut on waxed paper. Butter hands and put mixture on top of coconut and shape into roll, having coconut on the outside of roll. Refrigerate until cold. Makes about 3 rolls.
title: Onion-Cheese Bread instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Saute onion in shortening until golden. Mix egg and milk. Blend in Bisquick. Add onion and half of the cheese. Spread dough in greased 8 x 1 1/2-inch round glass baking dish. Sprinkle top with remaining cheese and poppy seed. Sprinkle melted butter over all. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Boxcar Barbecue instructions: Place pork in shallow roasting pan. Combine undrained tomatoes with rest of ingredients. Pour over meat. Bake, covered, in a 350° oven for 4 to 5 hours, until meat is tender. Uncover. Bake 1 hour more.
title: Roast Pork instructions: Make seasoning mix by combining salt, pepper, thyme and celery salt. Using a sharp knife, poke holes (deep and about 3 to 4 inches apart) in the roast. Using a small spoon put about 1/2 teaspoon seasoning	mix in each hole, forcing it in with your finger or spoon handle. Coat outside of roast with any leftover seasoning mix. Sprinkle flour over top and rub in. Place in pan at least 2 inches deep and cover with foil for the first half of baking time. Then remove foil, so the sour side will be crisp. Allow 30 to 35 minutes per pound of meat at 350°.	Use drippings for gravy.
title: Beef Burgundy instructions: Brown beef; add onion, carrots and seasonings, parsley, broth and water. Cover and bake at 350° for at least 2 hours. Add mushrooms, drained and peas, drained. Thicken with cornstarch. Serve with hot rice.
title: Beer Bread instructions: Beat 17 times. Pour into well-greased loaf pan. Bake in preheated 350° oven for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Glaze with butter for a soft crust.
title: Sausage Pinwheels instructions: Sift dry ingredients. Cut in shortening and milk. Divide dough and sausage into two parts. Roll dough to 1/2-inch thickness. Spread with sausage and then mustard. Roll up like jelly roll. Wrap in wax paper and chill. Slice 1/2-inch thick and bake on greased pan at 400° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Banana Cake instructions: Mash bananas in a bowl and add sour milk or cream. Sprinkle soda over this. Cream sugar, shortening and eggs. Alternate banana mixture with flour and blend thoroughly. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes for a 13 x 9-inch pan. Grease and flour cake pans. This makes 2 large layers or 1 good size loaf cake also.
title: Ho-Ho Cake(Deep Dark Chocolate Ho-Ho Cake)   instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Butter and flour cake pan(s). Use 2 (9-inch) pans or a tube pan or a sheet pan. Combine dry ingredients and set aside. With an electric mixer set at medium-low speed, beat butter and the granulated sugar until fluffy and light in color, about 5 minutes. Beat in eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla. Reduce speed and beat in flour mixture in thirds, alternating with the milk and water, until just mixed. Pour into prepared pan(s). Bake until a toothpick stuck into the center comes out clean (30 to 35 minutes for two 9-inch pans). Cool in pan(s) 10 minutes. Remove from pans and cool completely.
title: Baked Sausage And Cheese instructions: Line bottom of 9 x 12-inch Pyrex baking dish with buttered bread which has had the crust removed and cut into 9 pieces. Sprinkle with Old English cheese. Brown Owens hot sausage. Drain and thoroughly blot until no grease remains. Sprinkle over cheese. Blend eggs, half and half, salt, Spice Islands Beau Monde, dry mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Pour over sausage and cheese. Sprinkle with paprika. Chill. Bake in 350° oven for 40 minutes. Great for brunch!
title: Honey Baked Rabbit instructions: Arrange rabbit pieces in shallow baking pan. Mix other ingredients and pour over rabbit. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours, basting frequently until browned.
title: Mom'S 1000 Island Dressing instructions: Mix all of the above together and refrigerate.
title: Gourmet Meatballs instructions: Mix first 6 ingredients and shape into balls. Brown meatballs in 1 tablespoon olive oil. Place in baking dish and cover with spaghetti sauce. Top each meatball with Parmesan and Mozzarella cheese. Bake 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Eggplant Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Cook eggplant until mushy; drain. Add all ingredients, reserving 1/2 cup cheese, 1/2 cup crumbs and small amount of butter. Mix well. Pour into baking dish; sprinkle with reserved cheese, cracker crumbs and melted butter. Bake at 325° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Chicken And Dumplings instructions: Cover chicken with water. Salt and pepper. Boil over medium heat for 30 minutes. Remove from broth.
title: Golden Cream Soup instructions: In large pan combine potatoes, water, celery, carrots, onion, parsley, bouillon and seasonings. Cover and simmer 15 to 20 minutes. Gradually add milk to flour in a separate bowl. Mix well. Add to the vegetables. Cook until thick. Add cheese. Simmer until melted.
title: Cheesy Vegetable Chowder instructions: Combine onion, garlic, celery, carrots, potatoes and chicken broth in a large Dutch oven; bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat and simmer 15 to 20 minutes or until potatoes are tender. Stir in corn; remove from heat. Melt butter in a heavy saucepan over low heat; add flour, stirring until smooth. Cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Gradually add milk; cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until thickened and bubbly. Stir in remaining ingredients; cook until cheese melts, stirring constantly. Gradually stir cheese mixture into vegetable mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until thoroughly heated. Serve immediately. Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
title: Judy'S Pineapple Cake instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together and add to the remaining ingredients; mix well. Bake in a greased 13 x 9-inch glass baking dish at 350° for 35 minutes. Let cool in the pan.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs. Mash bananas and lemon juice and mix with the shortening mixture. Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Add to above mixture. Mix in nuts and stir well. Put in greased bread pan and bake 1 hour or until done, at 350°.
title: Evening Delight Hamburger Stew instructions: Place package of vegetables on paper towel. Microwave on High for 7 minutes. Set aside.
title: Mexican Cheese Dip instructions: Heat about 10 minutes in microwave. Stir during first four minutes and again after the next four minutes.
title: Baked Fish Fillets instructions: Cut fillets into serving pieces and place in greased, shallow baking dish. Sprinkle with lemon juice, paprika, salt and pepper. Melt butter in saucepan. Blend in flour, dash of salt and pepper and milk. Cook and stir until thick. Pour over fish and sprinkle crumbs over all. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Garnish with parsley. Makes 3 or 4 servings.
title: Vegetable Beef Soup instructions: Cook the beef until done; drain. Then in a soup pot, mix all ingredients. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer for about 20 minutes, or until vegetables are done.
title: Pink Salad instructions: Bring pineapple to boil. Add jello; stir until completely dissolved. Cool. Add remaining ingredients.
title: Glazed Butternut Squash instructions: Cut squash into 3-inch pieces. Pare and parboil until tender; drain. Place in shallow baking pan. Heat remaining ingredients, pour over squash. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes, basting with syrup until glazed. Makes 6 servings.
title: Texan Chowder instructions: Boil potatoes, carrots, onion, celery, salt and pepper in chicken broth for 10 minutes. Do not drain. In a saucepan, melt butter. Add flour; cook to make a paste. Add milk. Stir until thicken. Add cheese until melted. Add this to vegetables. Add creamed corn. Enjoy.
title: The Lady'S Cheesy Mac instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Once you have the macaroni cooked and drained, place in a large bowl and while still hot, add the cheddar. In a separate bowl, combine the remaining ingredients and add to the macaroni mixture. Pour macaroni mixture into a casserole dish and bake for 30 to 45 minutes. Top with additional cheese if desired.
title: Bacon Corn Chowder instructions: Cook potatoes and drain. Fry bacon, then brown onion in fat. Add rest of ingredients. Simmer 10 minutes.
title: Quick Freezer Fudge instructions: In 1 1/2-quart bowl stir sugar, cocoa, salt, milk and vanilla together until partially blended. Put butter on top in center of dish. Microwave on High for 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Blend in nuts (optional). Pour into well buttered rectangular dish. Chill for 20 to 30 minutes in freezer. Cut into squares. Makes 36 squares.
title: Mama'S Fruit Cake instructions: Cream butter in sugar. Beat eggs separately. Add soda, cinnamon, allspice, mace and nutmeg all together with fruit. Bake in 3 tube pans in pressure cooker at 10 pounds pressure for 1 hour. Cook in stove 10 minutes at 300°. (Freezes well.)
title: Rye Rounds instructions: Mix first 5 ingredients. Spread on party rye bread. Top with 1 slice onion. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Makes approximately 16 rounds.
title: Central American Rice instructions: Saute onion in oil. Add rice; stir constantly for 3 to 5 minutes. Add water, tomato, garlic powder and bouillon cubes (that have been dissolved in the water). Reduce heat and cover. Let simmer 15 minutes. Let set a few minutes before serving. Makes 3 to 4 (1 cup) servings.
title: Chocolate Mint Sugar Drops instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt and pepper. Set aside. Combine one cup sugar and oil; mix well. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Gradually add flour mixture. Stir in morsels. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Shape into balls. Roll in remaining sugar. Bake 8 to 10 minutes. Makes 5 1/2 dozen.
title: Carrot Bars instructions: Mix together. Pour in a greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Pineapple Sauce instructions: Combine cornstarch and sugar. Stir in crushed pineapple and water. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Boil until clear; chill, then add lemon juice. Serve on ice cream or pudding.
title: Sour Cream Frosting instructions: Melt chocolate and butter; cool slightly. Blend in sour cream, vanilla and salt. Slowly beat in sugar until spreading consistency.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Saute the onion and green pepper. Combine the corns, corn muffin mix and beaten eggs. Blend all ingredients, except sour cream and cheese, together in ovenproof baking dish. Top with the sour cream and cheese. Bake at 350°, uncovered, for about 45 minutes, or until done.
title: Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: Grease and flour tube pan. Mix all ingredients together and pour in pan. Bake for 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Melt butter in baking dish in 350° oven. Mix first 5 ingredients and pour melted butter. Do not stir. Pour peaches over mixture and bake at 350° for about one hour.
title: Baklava instructions: Mix together nuts, cinnamon, cloves and sugar; set aside. Brush 9 x 13-inch pan with melted butter. Line bottom of dish with 10 sheets of filo, brushing each sheet with melted butter. Spread 1/3 of nut mixture evenly on top and cover with another 5 sheets of filo, brushing each sheet with melted butter. Place 1/2 of the remaining mixture on top of filo. Add 5 more sheets of filo. Repeat this step once more, using remainder of filo, brushing each sheet with butter.
title: Blended Gazpacho instructions: Remove garlic skins; peel away tomato skins and blend 1 clove garlic and 3 tomatoes in your electric blender. Now add 1 onion (cut in quarters), 1 green pepper (cut in quarters) and 1 cucumber (peeled and cut in cubes) to blender mixture and blend again. Strain mixture into a large serving bowl. Blend together eggs, vinegar, salt, cayenne and tomato juice long enough to mix thoroughly. Stir into the serving bowl and chill in refrigerator. Add oil before serving. Chop remaining tomato, onion, cucumber and green pepper in very fine pieces (some blenders will do this). Keep these 4 vegetables in separate piles. Then put into 4 small bowls. Heat butter with remaining clove of garlic; toss in bread cubes and fry until crisp and golden. Put these into a small bowl.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Melt butter in casserole. Beat eggs. Add flour, sugar, salt and pepper. Add corn; mix well with electric mixer. Add butter (that melted) and half and half; mix well. Pour into casserole. Sprinkle paprika on top. Bake at 325° for an hour (it should jiggle and a knife should come out kinda clean).
title: Roast Beef In Crock-Pot instructions: Combine in crock-pot and cook 1 1/2 hours on high or 3 hours on low. Serve on buns if desired.
title: Beans, Beans, Beans! instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Brown bacon in skillet. Drain, crumble and set aside. Add onion and garlic to bacon drippings in pan; saute until onion is soft. Combine all ingredients in a casserole dish and bake for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Butter Creams instructions: Mix ingredients until well blended. Form into uniform balls. Melt chocolate in a double boiler on low heat. Dip balls into chocolate to cover. Let cool; store airtight in a cool dry place.
title: Cream Of Spinach Soup instructions: Blend spinach and 1/2 cup chicken broth in blender until pureed. In saucepan, melt margarine. Add onion and saute until tender. Stir in flour and cook about 1 minute. Add remaining chicken broth and cook until thickened. Stir in pureed spinach mixture, whipping cream, pepper and nutmeg. Heat thoroughly. Makes 2 or 3 servings.
title: Veal With Mushrooms And Peppers instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge veal in flour, shaking off excess. Add veal to skillet and cook until brown, stirring occasionally (about 5 minutes). Transfer veal to plate, using slotted spoon. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in same skillet. Add mushrooms, bell pepper, oregano, allspice and crushed red pepper to skillet. Saute until mushrooms are just beginning to brown (about 3 minutes). Stir in Marsala wine and garlic and boil until skillet is almost dry. Add veal and juices on plate to skillet. Mix in chicken broth and bring to a boil. Cover and bake in oven until veal is tender. Transfer to stove and boil until liquid thickens. Serve with rice. Serves 4.
title: Chicken Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli until slightly tender. Drain. Layer a casserole dish with broccoli cuts, chicken and cheese. Mix cream of chicken soup with milk and pour over casserole. Make sure it gets down through the mixture. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Bran Muffins instructions: Combine 2 cups boiling water over All-Bran cereal. Let cool. Cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs. Add alternately the wet and dry ingredients. Bake muffins at 400° for 15 to 18 minutes. Batter will keep in refrigerator indefinitely.
title: Party Punch instructions: Mix all liquids together. Top punch by adding scoops of sherbet to the bowl. This also helps to keep it chilled.
title: Jan Clay'S Cucumber Sauce For Fish instructions: Grate cucumber. Mix with seasonings. Pack into covered container and refrigerate.
title: Charming Cherry Bars instructions: Sift 1 cup flour and powdered sugar. Dot in butter. Press into 11 x 17-inch pan. Bake 10 minutes at 350°.
title: Barbecued Chicken Wings instructions: Mix ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to a boil. Set aside. Dip chicken wings in sauce. Lay on foil-lined cookie sheet. Bake at 325° for about 1 hour.
title: Oven Fried Chicken instructions: Rinse chicken, pat dry. Place on a rack in a shallow baking pan and set aside. In a small mixing bowl combine cornflake crumbs and parsley; set aside. In another bowl combine yogurt, garlic, worcestershire sauce and pepper. Brush chicken with yogurt mixture, then sprinkle with crumb mixture. Bake uncovered in 375° oven for 45 to 55 minutes or till chicken is tender and no longer pink. Makes 6 servings.
title: Beer Bread instructions: Lightly grease a 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pan. Preheat oven to 375°. Put flour in medium bowl. Add beer and stir with a rubber spatula just until mixed and flour is moistened completely. Scrape into prepared pan. Bake 50 to 55 minutes until top is lightly browned, sides pull away from pan and pick inserted into center comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes, then turn out on rack to cool.
title: Raw Apple Bread instructions: Cream butter and sugar, then beat until light and lemon colored. Beat in eggs. Sift together dry ingredients. Add alternately to the creamed mixture with milk. Stir in apples, nuts and vanilla. Pour into greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes until knife inserted comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then loosen from pan and turn out onto a rack to cool completely before slicing. Serves 10 to 12.
title: Cabbage Soup instructions: Prepare all vegetables. You can leave the skin on the potatoes if you like. Add all the other ingredients to a large pot or crock-pot. Add water to fill the pot and cover the vegetables. Now simmer for 8 or 9 hours until ready to eat.
title: Peanut Butter Cake(Low Calorie-160 Per Slice)   instructions: Place a strainer over a deep bowl. Spoon applesauce into the strainer and set aside to drain 15 minutes. You should have about 1/3 cup drained applesauce. Discard the liquid. Preheat oven to 350°. Coat 13 x 9 inch baking dish with nonstick spray. In medium bowl, combine flour and baking powder. In a large bowl, with an electric mixer, beat peanut butter 2 minutes. Add drained applesauce and beat 2 minutes or until creamy. Beat in vanilla extract. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Beat in egg white. Beat in milk. Add flour mixture and mix on low until moistened. Pour batter into prepared baking dish and bake 20-25 minutes or until cake springs back when pressed. Cool completely in dish on a rack.
title: New England Pumpkin Pie instructions: Stir together the pumpkin, sugar, eggs and salt. Add the milk and stir again. Take a little of the pumpkin mix in cup and put the spices in and stir well. Then add to the pumpkin mix. Divide between the pie crusts. Bake at 450° for 10 minutes. Lower the oven to 325° and bake for 30 minutes.
title: Sour Cream Apple Cake instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine flour, brown sugar and butter; blend at low speed until crumbly. Stir in the nuts. Press about 2 3/4 cups into the bottom of an ungreased 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Boil potatoes with skin on. When cool, peel off skins and cut potatoes into pieces. Add eggs, pickles, onions and sweet relish to the potatoes. Add mayonnaise and mustard to taste and to make the salad the way you like it. Sprinkle paprika over the salad. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
title: Glazed Butterflies instructions: Twist each wonton skin in the center to resemble a butterfly. Heat peanut oil to 375° in saucepan or electric skillet. Deep fry each skin in hot oil until golden brown. Drain on paper towel.
title: Quiche Lorraine instructions: Sprinkle cheese and bacon into unbaked 9-inch pie shell. Beat very well remaining ingredients together and pour over cheese mixture. Bake in a preheated 375° oven for 45 minutes or until firm and browned. Cool 10 minutes and then cut into wedges and serve hot.
title: Toffee Refrigerator Dessert instructions: Mix the first 3 ingredients and pat into a 9 x 13-inch dish.
title: Vern'S Easy Beef Brisket instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Place onions in bottom of metal baking pan and place beef brisket (not corned) on top. Pour coffee over meat, then pour over the chili sauce. Sprinkle brown sugar over all. Cover baking pan tightly with foil. Bake for 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Allow to sit for 8 to 10 minutes before slicing thinly across grain.
title: Sour Cream Noodle Bake(Serves 6)   instructions: Cook noodles according to package directions; rinse and drain. Melt butter in skillet. Stir in chuck and cook until it loses its pink color. Add tomato sauce, salt, garlic salt and pepper. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Fold together noodles, cottage cheese, sour cream and onions.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook onion in butter 2 to 3 minutes. Add broccoli and heat until it thaws. Stir in soup, cheese and cooked rice. Mix together. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Italian Pasta Salad instructions: Cook macaroni as directed on package; drain and let cool. Mix all other ingredients with macaroni. You may need more or less Italian dressing according to taste. Keep in refrigerator. Sprinkle with Parmesan when served.
title: Japanese Fruit Cake instructions: Mix eggs, milk, flour, sugar and butter together. Put 1/3 mixture in greased and floured 9-inch cake pan. Mix last 6 ingredients. Add to the other 2/3 of batter. Bake in two 9-inch cake pans at 325°.
title: Peach Pie instructions: Mix Cool Whip and Eagle Brand milk. Sprinkle dry Jell-O over and mix well. Add peaches, then lemon juice. Mix well. Pour into graham cracker crust. Chill. (This also freezes well.)
title: Rice Cooker Shrimp instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Mix well. Put in rice cooker and cook as usual.
title: All-Purpose Sauce instructions: Cook onion and garlic in oil until tender. Add remaining ingredients. Simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Makes 4 cups.
title: Melt-In-Your-Mouth Marshmallows(Microwave)   instructions: Chop walnuts fine. Sprinkle about 1 cup evenly in 9-inch square pan. Set remaining walnuts aside. Combine gelatin and 1/2 cup of the water in measuring cup; set aside to soften. In 2-quart glass measuring cup with handle, combine remaining 3/4 cup water and sugar. Microwave at High for 5 minutes. Stir well until sugar dissolves. Microwave at High for 7 to 8 minutes or until mixture reaches 234°. Stir in softened gelatin; let stand until slightly cooled (about 130°). Stir in vanilla. Empty mixture into large bowl of electric mixer. Beat at high speed until mixture is very fluffy and increased 4 to 5 times in volume, about 12 to 15 minutes. Turn into walnut-coated pan and sprinkle remaining walnuts on top. Let stand at room temperature several hours or overnight until mixture is firm and set. Use a sharp knife dipped in powdered sugar to cut mixture into 1-inch squares. Roll sides in walnuts remaining in pan and additional powdered sugar, if desired. Makes about 1 1/2 pounds.
title: Applesauce Cake instructions: Cream shortening. Mix ingredients. Beat and pour into prepared pans and bake 30 to 35 minutes at 325°.
title: Texas Chocolate Sheet Cake instructions: Bring to boil first 3 ingredients, then add 2 cups sugar and 2 cups flour. Blend well and add eggs, 1/2 cup sour milk (fresh milk + 1 teaspoon vinegar), soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes.
title: Very Cheese-Y Macaroni instructions: In medium saucepan, cook macaroni according to package directions, until al dente. Drain well. Fill another saucepan 3/4 full with water. Bring water to a boil. Add broccoli; reduce heat to medium and cook until done. Drain and set aside. Preheat oven to 375°. Grease an 8-inch glass baking dish. In medium saucepan, melt butter; add flour and stir until smooth. Whisk in milk, stirring continually, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Reserve 1/4 cup Cheddar cheese. Stir remaining Cheddar, Gruyere, Parmesan, salt and cayenne until cheese melts. Add macaroni and broccoli. Put it into baking dish. Bake 15 minutes. Sprinkle Cheddar and bread crumbs on top; bake another 15 minutes, until bubbly.
title: Tamale Bake Casserole instructions: Drain tamales; reserve sauce. Remove papers and slice tamales crosswise; set aside. Combine tamale sauce, flour, chili powder and garlic salt. Add eggs, corn, olives and tamales. Turn into 10 x 9 x 2-inch dish. Bake in a 350° oven 40 minutes or until set. Sprinkle cheese on top and bake 3 minutes or until cheese melts.
title: Maryland Crab Cakes instructions: Combine and mix all ingredients thoroughly. Chill for 2 hours. Shape into cakes. Melt 3 tablespoons of butter in a skillet over a quick fire. Brown the cakes on both sides. Yield: 6 cakes.
title: Snicker Bars instructions: Melt together; pour into 9 x 13-inch greased pan and cool.
title: Hawaiian Punch instructions: Mix and serve over ice.
title: Coconut Pie instructions: Separate eggs. Use whites for meringue. Cream sugar and butter. Add flour and milk. Add eggs last. Cook on low heat until thick. Add coconut and pour into baked pie shell. Top with meringue, sprinkle with coconut and brown.
title: Broccoli Macaroni Casserole instructions: Melt butter; stir in flour, salt and pepper. Add milk gradually, stirring constantly. Cook until thickened, stirring occasionally. Add the mayonnaise. Cook macaroni in boiling, salted water until tender. Drain, rinse and drain again. Layer macaroni, broccoli and sauce in a greased 1 1/2-quart casserole dish, ending with sauce. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350° about 20 minutes.
title: Potato, Pimento Casserole instructions: Cook potatoes in jackets until about done. Avoid overcooking. Peel, dice and measure. Arrange a layer of potatoes in bottom of large, buttered casserole. Mix soup with remaining ingredients, except crumbs. Cover layer of potatoes. Continue alternate layers with potatoes completely covered. Sprinkle top with buttered bread crumbs. Bake at 325° for about 45 minutes. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Spice Tea instructions: Mix all ingredients and store in airtight container. Use 2 teaspoons per mug of water.
title: Cream Of Celery Soup instructions: Combine celery, onion, bay leaf, garlic and water. Cook for 15 minutes, or until celery is tender. Remove bay leaf. Drain; reserve liquid. Set vegetables aside. Add water to reserved liquid to make 2 cups. Melt margarine in saucepan; stir in flour and dry milk slowly. Add reserved liquid to flour mixture, stirring constantly until smooth. Add salt and pepper and Worcestershire. Add vegetables; put in blender.
title: A & P Brownies instructions: Melt butter on low heat. Add 2/3 cup cocoa. Stir until blended. Remove from heat. In a separate bowl, beat 3 or 4 eggs and sugar until lemon in color. Add to chocolate mixture. Stir in vanilla. Fold in flour and salt. Pour into an 8-inch square pan. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Pappy'S Spoon Biscuits instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Sift flour into large bowl. Take a spoon and make a hole in flour about the size of your fist. Pour buttermilk and oil in the hole. With a spoon begin stirring buttermilk and oil, pulling in flour gradually as you go. After all flour has been stirred in, drop by large spoonfuls onto greased biscuit pan. (Dough will be sticky and have the consistency of a very thick batter.) Bake in preheated 425° oven for about 15 to 20 minutes or until bottom of biscuit turns brown. Place under broiler for few seconds until tops turn light brown. Remove from oven. Run a stick of butter across the top of the hot biscuits. Good! Easy! No messy hands!
title: Two Pecan Pies instructions: Beat eggs. Mix with sugar and flour. Mix syrup, milk, salt, vanilla and oleo well. Add to egg mixture. Break or grind 1 cup pecans (save 1/2 cup for top of pie). Pour into unbaked pie shells and bake in preheated 350° oven for 50 to 60 minutes.
title: Lemon Fluff instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in boiling water and add sugar and lemon juice. Chill until thick (like pudding). Whip and add to whipped chilled Pet milk. Combine graham cracker crumbs and melted butter. Press in bottom of 2 (9 x 13-inch) pans. Pour Jell-O mixture over crumbs and chill. This recipe may be cut in half.
title: Chicken And Rice instructions: Mix all together. Put in 9 x 13 x 2-inch baking dish or deep round baking pan. Place a cut up chicken on top and bake in a 350° oven for 1 hour or until chicken is tender (or it can bake in a 250° oven for about 2 hours).
title: Lemon Strawberry Punch instructions: In large bowl, prepare lemonade concentrate as directed on can. Stir in strawberries with syrup. Stir in ginger ale and, if you wish, add small scoops of strawberry ice cream or ice cubes.
title: Squash Dressing instructions: Mix well. Place in baking pan and cook 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Jam Cake instructions: Cream together shortening and sugar. Sift together flour, allspice or nutmeg, cinnamon and cocoa. Add jam, raisins and nuts to cream mixture. Beat eggs and add to cream mixture. Dissolve soda in buttermilk. Add flour and milk alternately to sugar mixture. Bake in 350° oven for 60 to 75 minutes.
title: Four-Inch Cheese Ball instructions: In a medium bowl, combine all ingredients, except olives. Mix well; stir in olives. Cover and chill until firm. Shape into a ball. Roll cheese ball in chopped nuts. Chill until firm. Serve with assorted crackers.
title: Pound Cake instructions: Cream butter, sugar and Crisco until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and lemon flavoring. Blend. Add eggs and beat well. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Bake in tube pan. Put in cold oven and bake 1 hour and 35 minutes at 325°.
title: Poppy Seed Chicken instructions: Cook chicken and cut in bite size pieces. Add soups, sour cream and lemon juice; mix well. Melt oleo, crumble crackers over chicken mixture which has been put in a baking pan. Drizzle oleo over the crackers. Sprinkle poppy seed over the mixture and bake 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Apple Crisp instructions: Slice apples. Place apples, water and cinnamon in greased casserole dish. Blend other ingredients until crumbly. Sprinkle over apple mixture. Bake, uncovered, at 350° until apples are tender.
title: Nadiola'S Cinnamon Coffee Cake instructions: Mix cake mix, 1/2 cup sugar and Crisco oil together, beating well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each egg. Then add sour cream. Mix well, but do not beat hard after adding sour cream. Spray or grease and flour Bundt pan. Add 1/2 of the batter to the pan. Mix together cinnamon and 1 tablespoon sugar. Sprinkle over batter in pan, then add remaining batter. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes before turning out.
title: Crazy Cake instructions: Put all ingredients in 9-inch cake pan in order. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar while hot or use your favorite glaze. Serve directly from pan.
title: Baked Chicken Reuben instructions: Place chicken in greased baking pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place Krrrrisp kraut over chicken; top with Swiss cheese. Pour dressing evenly over cheese. Cover with foil and bake at 325° for about 1 1/2 hours. Sprinkle with chopped parsley. Makes 4 servings.
title: Pecan Cranberry Pie instructions: Beat eggs, sugar, margarine and corn syrup until blended. Stir in cranberries and pecans. Pour into unbaked pastry shell. Cover edge with 2 inches foil. Bake on lowest rack of oven at 350° for 60 to 70 minutes. Take foil off after 45 minutes of baking.
title: Penny Punch instructions: Dissolve gelatins in hot water. Add cold water and orange slices. Mix well. Chill until cool. Add ginger ale and some ice cubes just before serving. Makes about 2 quarts.
title: Creamy Banana Pudding instructions: In large bowl combine pudding mix, water and condensed milk. Beat well. Chill	5 minutes, then fold in Cool Whip. In	2 1/2-quart glass serving dish, put a layer of vanilla wafers and bananas. Spoon pudding over. Repeat twice, ending with pudding. Cover and chill.
title: Refrigerator Pickles instructions: Mix together and put into covered container. Shake well and it's ready. Can be frozen.
title: Boiled Custard instructions: Mix sugar and flour. Then add to milk and egg yolks. Cook in top of double boiler until mixture coats the spoon. Add vanilla and chill. When cool, beat the egg whites and add to other mixture (just stir this in).
title: Squash Puffs instructions: Cook squash in water until done. Drain and mash to make 1 cup. Mix all ingredients and drop by tablespoon into hot oil. Cook until golden brown, turning once. Drain well.
title: Fruit Salad instructions: Put into large mixing bowl and mix well. Keep in refrigerator.
title: Avocado-Beef Tortilla Pizza instructions: Brown crumbled meat and drain. Add salt, garlic, mushrooms and green chili. Cook over high heat for 3 to 5 minutes until liquid has evaporated. Brush 4 large tortillas with oil and place on cookie sheet. Spread with meat mixture.
title: Philadelphia Cream Cheese Ball instructions: Chop onion and ham. Mix together with cream cheese. Make sure cream cheese is left out to room temperature. Makes 1 medium cheese ball.
title: Blackberry Jam Pie instructions: Combine all ingredients, except jam. Cook until thick. Add jam and place in unbaked pie shell.
title: Chicken Tortilla Casserole instructions: Wrap chicken breasts in foil and bake 1 hour at 400°. Cool and bone chicken. Break into large pieces. Cut tortillas into 1-inch strips or squares. Mix soups, milk, onion and salsa.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Wash and boil potatoes (leave at stage you can grate). Cool and peel. Place in buttered pan. Mix together sour cream, chicken soup and water, 1/2 cup cheese, onion or chives, salt and pepper. Put on top of potatoes. Top with crushed corn flakes and melted butter. Sprinkle on the other 1/2 cup cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Mix 1 cup boiling water, sugar and cornstarch. Cook until thick. Add Jell-O and mix well. Let cool and pour over sliced strawberries in a baked pie shell. Top with Cool Whip.
title: Tuna Casserole instructions: Saute onion and bell pepper in butter until clear. Add tuna, water, soup and salt and pepper to taste. Mix well and then add cooked spaghetti. Mix part of the cheese in the mixture and reserve part to cover the top. Cook at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Easy Peach Cobbler instructions: Melt butter; pour in bottom of dish. Add peaches. Mix flour and sugar together. Add milk to make paste of flour and sugar. Pour over peaches and butter. Stir in flavoring. Bake at 375° for 30 to 40 minutes or until brown. Serves 6.
title: Angel Jelly Roll(Yields 1 Cake)   instructions: Prepare cake according to directions. Fit jellyroll pan with ungreased waxed paper. Spread cake mix evenly. Bake until golden (20 minutes). Cool in pan 10 minutes, then turn out onto confectioners sugared terry towel. Trim hard edges. Roll up with towel inside. Set to cool 1 hour.
title: Down Jersey Blueberry Pie instructions: Combine 1 cup blueberries with 1 1/4 cups water and the cup of sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Mix the cornstarch with the 1/4 cup of water and stir into blueberry sauce. Cook slowly until thick and clear. Add lemon juice and allow to cool. Then add the remaining 3 cups of berries. Chill in refrigerator.
title: Pizza Casserole instructions: Cook in skillet the hamburger, onions, green peppers, salt and pepper until done. Cook macaroni in saltwater until tender and drain. Mix all ingredients together except cheese. Layer in a casserole dish 1/2 and cover with cheese; add the rest and add remaining cheese. Bake at 350° for about 30 minutes, until cheese is melted. Serve with garlic toast.
title: Cheddar Chicken Surprise instructions: Slice each piece of chicken breast open to form cavity. Stuff with cheese and reshape meat with hands. Wrap in slice of ham. Carefully dredge chicken in flour and then dip in beaten egg. Thoroughly coat with breadcrumbs. Chicken must be well-coated or cheese may leak during cooking.
title: Apricot Oatmeal Bars instructions: In large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients, except for preserves and coconut. Beat at low speed until crumbly. Reserve 1 cup crumbs. Press remaining crumbs in greased 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Open House Salad instructions: Blend first 5 ingredients and refrigerate. Layer ingredients and pour dressing over or toss.
title: Chicken And Dumplings instructions: In a large pot bring chicken and broth to boil. Break biscuits in quarters and add to broth mixture. Cook on low heat 10 minutes, uncovered, then 10 minutes, covered. Do not stir until cooking is complete.
title: Hamburger Casserole instructions: Mix hamburger, onion, potato, egg, salt and pepper. Make meatballs and brown in oil. Remove and place in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix soup and milk. Pour over meatballs and bake at 350° for about 45 minutes.
title: 7-Up Pound Cake instructions: Cream margarine and shortening with sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add lemon. Mix. Add flour and 7-Up alternately, beating after each addition.
title: Spicy Pot Roast instructions: Season roast with salt. Brown well in Wesson oil in Dutch oven. Add water and garlic, cover and simmer 2 hours or until almost tender. Skim excess fat and add remaining ingredients. Cover, simmer 1 hour or until vegetables are tender. Thicken gravy.
title: Easy Apple Cake instructions: Pour sugar over apples and let stand 20 minutes, then stir well. Add all other ingredients and beat until well mixed. Add nuts and raisins, if desired. Pour in greased pan. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes.
title: Chicken Cacciatore instructions: Heat oil in frying pan and cook chicken in hot oil until it is lightly browned and no longer pink inside, about 10 minutes. Remove chicken from pan and keep warm. Place vegetables in pan drippings (adding more oil if needed) and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Drain oil and return chicken to pan along with the tomato sauce, tomato paste and salad dressing. Heat through and serve over hot cooked rice.
title: Copper Penny Salad instructions: Cook carrots until tender; let cool and drain. Mix the other ingredients and pour over carrots. The longer salad sets the better it gets.
title: Kate'S Angel Food Cake instructions: Sift together three times the flour and 1 cup of sugar and set aside. Beat egg whites, water and vanilla until frothy, then add cream of tartar and continue beating until mixture stands in peaks but not dry. Stir in 1 cup of sugar a little at a time. Gradually add and fold in sifted flour and sugar mixture. Bake in angel food cake pan at 325° for about 35 or 40 minutes.
title: Chicken Pilaf instructions: In a 1 1/2-quart casserole, combine first 6 ingredients. Brush chicken breasts with butter; season with salt, pepper and paprika. Place on top of rice. Cover and bake in moderate oven (375°) for 1 1/4 hours or until chicken and rice are tender. Makes 5 servings.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Wash rice. Mix soups and rice together in large casserole dish. Place chicken on top. Slice margarine and place on top of chicken. Salt and pepper. Bake at 375° for 1 hour or until chicken is done.
title: Soy Vinaigrette(Nuoc Xi Dau Giam)   instructions: In a jar, combine all the ingredients and shake well. Dressing will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. Makes about 3/4 cup.
title: Shrimp Scampi instructions: Cooking Time: 15 minutes (also can be microwaved). Temperature: 400°.
title: Broccoli Dish instructions: Combine ingredients in lg. casserole dish or 9 x 13 baking dish. Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes covered and 30 minutes uncovered.
title: Carrot Salad instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in boiling water; chill until thickened. Stir in remaining ingredients. Pour into a lightly greased 1-quart mold or individual molds. Chill until firm.
title: Grandma Mary'S Butter Cookies instructions: Cream butter. Beat into sugar. Add egg yolks and vanilla. Beat well after adding each yolk. Add flour and beat after each 1/2 cup is added. Chill about 1 hour.
title: Lorene'S Cornbread Salad instructions: Crumble the cornbread in a large dish. Add in layers, beans, peppers, onion, tomatoes and bacon. Add a few sliced dill pickles on top of bacon.
title: Bailey'S Taste Alike Irish Cream instructions: Pour all ingredients in blender (or mixer and bowl) and blend. Done. Pour into container and serve.
title: Beef Stroganoff Sandwich instructions: Brown hamburger; drain. Add onion, pepper, tomatoes and seasonings. Stir in sour cream. When ready to serve, cut French bread in half. Cover each half with the hamburger mixture. Cover with shredded cheese. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes until cheese is melted.
title: Beef And Broccoli Over Noodles instructions: Slice beef into thin strips. In skillet add oil and heat over medium heat. After oil gets hot, cook beef and garlic until beef is brown. Add onion. Cook 5 minutes. Keep stirred.
title: Chestnuts instructions: Fry some of the fat from bacon. Roll chestnuts with bacon. Anchor with toothpick. Cover with sugar, chili sauce and mayonnaise. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Cream Puff Coffee Cake instructions: Combine 1/2 cup butter and 1 cup flour. Mix as for pie crust. Add 2 tablespoons water. Form into ball; divide in half. Pat onto ungreased cookie sheet 3 x 12-inches. Heat to boiling 1 cup water and 1/2 cup butter. Add 1 cup flour after removing from heat. Mix well. Add eggs 1 at a time. Beat mixture well. Add almond extract. Spread on crust. Bake at 350° for 55 minutes. Frost when cool.
title: Salmon Loaf instructions: Combine ingredients. Shape into loaf and bake in a greased baking dish at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Baked Vegetables Tamale instructions: Mix corn, tomatoes, corn meal, cheese, onion and green pepper. Let stand 30 minutes. Add eggs, milk and seasoning. Pour into buttered baking dish at 325° for 1 1/4 hours or until firm in the center. This may be served from the dish or may be baked in a loaf and unmolded onto a platter. Buttered peas may be used as a garnish with sections of hard-cooked eggs on the platter.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Mix together well, except Pepperidge Farm herb stuffing mix. Place in a 13 x 9-inch dish. Cover with 1/3 package of Pepperidge Farms herb stuffing mix and dot with butter. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Sift dry ingredients together; cream butter and sugar and add eggs. Beat well. Add mashed bananas to creamed butter and sugar mixture. Add dry ingredients and mix well. Fold in nuts. Pour mixture into greased pan and bake at 350° for 45 to 60 minutes. (Do not use electric mixer.)
title: Veggie Pizza instructions: Mix together cottage cheese, cream cheese, Ranch dressing mix and mayo. Spread crescent rolls on 8 x 10-inch sheet. Put in oven as directed for 10 minutes. Let cool. Spread on first mixture. Spread mixture of veggies over cold dough. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese and oregano over all. Heat and serve. Delightful.
title: Marshmallow Salad instructions: Mix egg yolks, water	and vinegar and cook in small heavy saucepan until thickened. Cool.	Whip whipping cream and add to	cool egg mixture. Add all other ingredients and mix well. Put in large mixing bowl and refrigerate overnight.
title: Pork Chops With Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Arrange potatoes and onions in layers in a greased, 3-quart baking dish, seasoning each layer with salt and pepper. Trim fat from pork chops and save for later use.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Cook until thickened. Mix well. Allow to cool. Slice 1 1/2 quarts strawberries in pie shells. Pour cooled mixture over strawberries. Chill at least 3 hours before serving. If you want only 1 pie, use small box of Jell-O and half of each of the other items.
title: Potatoes Au Gratin instructions: Remove skins from cooked potatoes and cut into large dice. Toss with next 4 ingredients. Pour into greased casserole and sprinkle with bacon and olives. Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Italian Pinwheels instructions: Heat oven to 375°. In small bowl combine cheese, pepperoni, oregano, pizza sauce and pepper; mix well. Separate dough onto 4 rectangles. Firmly press perforations to seal. Spread each rectangle with about 3 tablespoons mixture. Starting at shortest side, roll up each rectangle; pinch edges to seal. Cut each roll into 6 slices. Place cut side down, 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Serve warm.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Combine flour, soda, cinnamon and salt in a bowl. Mix the remaining ingredients together and combine with the dry ingredients. Mix thoroughly. Add 3 cups grated carrots. Bake in two 9-inch or three 8-inch pans at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes. Frost with cream cheese frosting.
title: Kraut Salad instructions: Mix all together. Let stand for 24 hours in refrigerator before serving.
title: Oriental Rice instructions: Place rice, seasoning packet, butter, water chestnuts, mushrooms, onion and soy sauce in a 3-quart casserole. Microwave on High (100%) for 3 to 4 minutes or until onion is tender. Stir halfway through cooking time. Pour in chicken broth. Cover with a tight fitting lid or plastic wrap. Microwave on High for 5 to 7 minutes or until boiling. Stir, then microwave on Medium (50%) for 40 to 45 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Sweet-Sour Red Cabbage instructions: Remove outside leaves from cabbage. Wash cabbage. Shred to measure 5 cups. In saucepan, heat 1/2-inch salted water (1/2 teaspoon salt to 1 cup water) and 2 tablespoons vinegar to boiling. Add cabbage. Cover and heat to boiling. Cook about 5 minutes or until crisp-tender. Drain.
title: Bananas 'N' Cream Cake instructions: In a mixing bowl, cream shortening and sugar. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend in vanilla. Add bananas and mix well. Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; add to the creamed mixture alternately with sour cream, stirring just until combined. Stir in nuts. Pour into a greased and floured 10-inch Bundt or tube pan. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes or until cake tests done. Cool 10 minutes in pan before removing to a wire rack to cool. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving. Yield: 12 to 16 servings.
title: Pizza Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Coat a 9x13 baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. In a medium skillet, brown the ground beef over medium-high heat, stirring and crumbling the beef until no pink remains; drain. Add the tomatoes to the beef; cook until heated through. Meanwhile, unroll the pizza crust; press over the bottom and halfway up the side of the baking dish. Sprinkle 1 cup mozzarella cheese over the crust then top with the meat mixture. Bake uncovered for 12 minutes. Top with the remaining 1 cup mozzarella cheese and sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese. Bake for 5 minutes, or until the crust is golden and the cheese is melted. Cut into squares and serve.
title: Microwave Ham Roll-Ups instructions: Never put metal or aluminum foil in the microwave oven.
title: Sausage Dressing instructions: Saute sausage, celery and onion. In large bowl combine sausage mixture and remaining ingredients. Blend well. Bake mixture in greased 13 x 9-inch pan for 1 hour at 350°. Makes 10 to 12 servings.
title: Foolproof Dark Chocolate Fudge instructions: In heavy saucepan over low heat, melt chips, milk and salt. Remove from heat. Stir in nuts and vanilla. Spread evenly into wax paper lined 8 or 9-inch square pan. Chill 2 hours or until firm. Turn fudge onto cutting board. Peel off paper and cut into squares. Store loosely covered at room temperature.
title: Barbarakuchen(German Lemon Cake)   instructions: Mix the butter until smooth; slowly add the sugar, eggs and the mixture of flour, cornstarch and baking powder. Add the lemon extract. Pour batter into greased loaf pan. Bake 60 to 75 minutes in 350° oven.
title: Hot Dog Casserole instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Prepare potato puffs for 4 servings as directed on package. Stir in pickle relish, mayonnaise, onion and mustard. Spoon into a 1-quart casserole. Cut each hot dog in half. Insert hot dog pieces upright around edge of mashed potatoes. Bake, uncovered, 25 to 30 minutes.
title: German Chocolate Upside Down Cake instructions: Grease and flour 9 x 13 inch pan. Put coconut and nuts in bottom of pan. Mix cake mix and pour over coconut and nuts. Put melted margarine in mixer with cream cheese and powdered sugar. Mix well. Spoon over cake mix and bake 350° 35 to 40 minutes. Do not cut until cold.
title: Hot Fruit Toddy instructions: In a large saucepan, mix the cider and sugar. Add cinnamon and cloves tied together in cheesecloth. Bring to a boil. Simmer 5 minutes. Remove cinnamon and cloves. Add juices and water. Heat until piping hot. Serve in mugs with lemon slices, if desired.
title: Nikki'S No Bake Cookies instructions: Mix all ingredients in pot and bring to a rolling boil for 2 minutes. Add 3 cups quick oats, 1/2 tsp. vanilla, and pinch of salt. Beat and stir until all oats are mixed in and coated. Drop by spoonful onto waxed paper and cool.
title: Pumpkin Whip - Lite instructions: Mix dry pudding mix with pumpkin. Fold in Cool Whip. Add spices and Sweet 'N Low.
title: Skewered Chicken In Mustard Dill instructions: Put chicken in large pot with peppercorns and onion. Add enough water to cover and bring to boil. Reduce heat and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool chicken in the liquid. When cool, break each breast in half and discard skin and bone. Cut meat into 1-inch chunks. Place in a large bowl and add Mustard Dill Sauce. Cover and refrigerate up to 8 hours. Stir gently occasionally. When ready to serve, put 2 chunks of chicken on small bamboo skewer and arrange spoke fashion on large platter. Garnish with fresh dill. (Can also serve meat off the skewer on a bed of lettuce as a salad.) Makes 45 to 50 servings.
title: Chicken Cheese Ball instructions: Combine all ingredients except crumbs. Form into a ball and roll in bread crumbs. Serve with crackers.
title: Mashed Potato Candy instructions: Mix until doughlike and can be rolled. Roll 1/2-inch thick; roll it out using powdered sugar instead of flour. Spread peanut butter on dough and slice.
title: Red Fox Tomato Pudding instructions: Drain tomatoes; add sugar, butter, salt and dry bread. Cook slowly on top of stove 2 1/2 hours. Remove from stove, place in baking dish, sprinkle with bread crumbs and bake uncovered at 375° for 30 minutes. Serves 8.
title: Easy Bran Muffins instructions: Mix dry ingredients well; stir in raisins. Add oil, milk and egg. Mix lightly, not too much. Drop by spoon into greased and floured muffin cups. Bake at 425° for 20 minutes. Makes 12 medium muffins.
title: Shrimp Ball instructions: Soften cream cheese with fork. Add horseradish and Old Bay. Combine and add shrimp with a little of juice from each can. Form into a ball in plastic wrap. Put in refrigerator for a couple of hours. Before serving, pour some cocktail sauce over ball and add as necessary. Serves 10 to 15 people.
title: Dill Dip instructions: Combine all ingredients. Mix well. Let stand at least 1 hour before serving. Good with fresh vegetables.
title: Cocido Castellano(Castillian Bean Soup; One Pot Meal)   instructions: Soak beans overnight (8 to 10 hours) in saltwater 3-inches over beans. When ready to cook, drain off saltwater. Put garbanzo beans, ham hock, sausage, soup bone, bacon and onion in boiling water and cook about 4 hours. When it has cooked about 3 1/2 hours, taste. Add salt if needed. Saute onions in oil. Add collards and pepper to taste; stir-fry. Add water if needed. Cook until done. Next prepare fresh salad of lettuce, tomato, etc. After bean soup is cooked, strain liquid into another pot. This broth is then brought to a boil (be sure to taste for salt, pepper, etc.) and use to cook the vermicelli. While soup is cooking (15 to 20 minutes) separate bones and gristle or fat (skins). On a large platter or shallow serving dish, arrange garbanzos, meat and collards. Put salad in separate bowl. The vermicelli soup should be served and eaten first. Then, the main course.
title: Angel Biscuits instructions: Sift together flour, sugar and soda; chop in shortening. Add butter and dissolved yeast. Stir well. Keep covered in refrigerator at least 1 or 2 hours (better overnight) before using.
title: Mexican Nacho Dip instructions: Brown meat and drain. Stir in cheese. Then add tomatoes. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Cream Of Broccoli Soup instructions: Simmer broccoli, onions, carrots, celery and cauliflower in chicken broth until tender. Mix flour and 1/2 cup milk. Add 3 1/2 cups milk and 1/4 cup butter. Stir until thick. Add cheese, stir until melted. Freezes well.
title: Frozen Fruit Salad instructions: Cream together cream cheese and mayonnaise. Add and mix marshmallows, pineapple, fruit cocktail and Cool Whip. Freeze.
title: Toasted Herb Bread instructions: Mix together garlic powder, parsley flakes, Parmesan cheese and oregano. Cut bread in half lengthwise. Spread oleo or butter mixture over both halves of bread. Cut halves into 1-inch slices. Don't cut all the way through the crust. Wrap each half in foil and bake in a preheated 350° oven for about 15 minutes. Serve at once. Serves 10 to 12.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Cook Rice-A-Roni as directed on package. Saute onion, pepper and celery in margarine. Mix with rice. Add diced chicken. Add water chestnuts and soups (undiluted). Top with cheese. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes.
title: Shrimp Rice instructions: Cook bacon in a large skillet until crisp. Crumble and set aside. Drain and reserve 2 tablespoons of drippings. Add onion and celery. Cook until tender, but not brown. Stir in flour. Stir in Worcestershire sauce and shrimp. Cook and stir about 3 minutes or until shrimp turn pink. Add margarine; stir until melted. Combine shrimp mixture and hot rice. Garnish with bacon. Serves 8.
title: Tuna Cheese Spread instructions: In a large bowl combine cottage and cream cheese. Beat until smooth. Add tuna, one can at a time, blending until smooth after each addition. Add remaining ingredients. Chill and serve with crackers. Yields 4 cups.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Line bottom of a 9 x 13 x 2-inch casserole dish with diced chicken. Add salt and pepper, if needed. Combine soup, sour cream and broth and pour over meat. Mix crushed crackers, margarine and poppy seed. Sprinkle over meat and mixture. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Microwave Peanut Brittle instructions: Stir sugar and syrup well in casserole dish; microwave 4 minutes. Take out; stir in peanuts; microwave 4 minutes. Take out; add vanilla and butter and stir well. Microwave 1 1/2 minutes. Take out; add baking soda and stir well until light and foamy. Pour into greased cookie sheet; let harden in cool place, then break apart. Makes 1 pound.
title: Schoolhouse Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Combine sugars and margarine. Add peanut butter; mix thoroughly. Add eggs and mix well. Combine flour, soda and salt. Add alternately with milk, beginning with flour mixture. Add vanilla and mix well. Drop a heaping teaspoonful for each cookie 3 inches apart on a lightly greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool before removing from pan. Do not put in container hot. Let cool. Makes 18 to 24 cookies.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Combine chicken, sour cream and mushroom soup together. Put in 9 x 13-inch pan. Top with stuffing. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Easy Rolls instructions: Pour water over yeast and sugar. Let stand about 5 minutes. Mix salt, oil and flour in milk. Mix with yeast mixture and let rise 1 hour in a warm room. Roll out. Dip in melted margarine. Put in pan and let rise again for 1 hour. Bake in middle of oven about 10 minutes or until done. Brush top with margarine.
title: Fruit Salad instructions: Cut up fresh fruit and drain canned fruit. Add grapes. Stir in can of cherry pie filling. Chill.
title: Hot Tomato Hamburger With Rice instructions: Brown ground beef in hot oil, separating with a fork as it cooks. Add green pepper and onion and continue to fry on medium heat for 5 minutes. Drain excess fat. Gently stir in seasonings, Ro-Tel and Ro-Tel liquid and rice. Cover and reduce heat to simmer. Cook for about 15 minutes. Do not uncover or stir during the last 15 minutes of cooking.
title: Double Chocolate Cookie Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine cookie crumbs and margarine; press firmly on bottom of 13 x 9-inch pan. In medium saucepan over medium heat, melt 1 cup chocolate chips with sweetened condensed milk and vanilla. Pour evenly over prepared crust. Top with nuts and remaining chips. Bake 20 minutes or until set; cool. Chill if desired. Cut into bars. Store tightly covered at room temperature.
title: Hot Spiced Wassail instructions: Combine cider, cranberry juice, orange juice and sugar in a large cooking pan. Tie spices in a cheesecloth bag. Simmer all over low heat for about 1/2 hour; leave spices in until next morning. This may be put into a crock-pot on low heat to keep warm while serving.
title: Aka Crispies instructions: Line cookie sheet with foil. Place crackers as close as possible on sheet. Boil butter, margarine and sugar two minutes. Brush/pour over graham crackers and sprinkle with chopped nuts. Bake in preheated oven at 350° for 12 minutes. Cool and break into pieces.
title: Lots Of Vegetable Soup instructions: Put all liquids in 16-quart stockpot. Puree the tomatoes. In a large skillet, brown chuck with 1/2 cup onion and chopped garlic. Bring stockpot to a boil. Add vegetables, meat and remaining ingredients. Simmer for several hours. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Creamy Pasta Salad instructions: Cook pasta until tender. Drain and rinse in cold water. Thaw vegetables, leave raw.
title: Zebra Cooler instructions: In blender container, place all ingredients except whipped cream. Cover; blend until smooth. Serve immediately over crushed ice. Garnish with whipped cream. Makes about 4 (6 ounce) servings.
title: Mildred Pardue'S Blue Ribbon Carrot Cake instructions: Mix dry ingredients; add eggs and oil. Beat on low speed until well mixed. Stir in carrots and nuts. Pour into 3 greased and floured 8-inch cake pans. Bake in 300° oven 1 hour.
title: Pork Shoulder Roast instructions: Sprinkle roast with some tenderizer, salt and pepper. Spray roaster with some cooking oil and add about 1 cup water. Place roast in roaster and bake at 350° for about 3 hours. If FROZEN, about 5 hours. You may have to adjust time depending on your oven.
title: Swiss 'N Chicken Casserole instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Mix all ingredients, except walnuts. Spoon into 2-quart casserole. Sprinkle with walnuts. Bake 40 minutes or until thoroughly heated. Serves 6.
title: Green Goddess Mold instructions: *Ranch dressing with a drop or 2 of green food coloring may be substituted.
title: Hot Chicken Salad instructions: Mix together, except soup and chips. Place in 2-quart casserole dish. Spoon soup on top. Sprinkle with crushed chips. Bake in 350° oven for about 30 minutes.
title: Italian Cream Cake instructions: Thoroughly cream together Crisco, oleo and sugar. Mix in eggs and vanilla. Alternately add flour with soda and buttermilk until blended. Bake at 350° for about 30 minutes. Makes 3 layers. Between cooled layers, spread cooled filling.
title: Tuna-Tater Tempters instructions: In medium bowl, combine potato flakes, tuna, egg, milk, celery, pimiento, onion, salt and garlic powder. Stir by hand until combined. Form into 12 balls. Combine corn flake crumbs and seasoned salt. Roll each tuna ball in the crumbs. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes or until light golden brown. Serve hot with sauce.
title: Hot Ham And Cheese Sandwiches instructions: Mix butter, onion, poppy seeds and mustard. Spread on buns, add ham and cheese. Bake at 350 degrees about 15 minutes until cheese begins to melt.
title: Summer Squash Casserole instructions: Make layers of squash and soup mix. Sprinkle buttered bread crumbs over top and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.\
title: Fudge Marble Pound Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Generously grease and then flour pan. Blend all ingredients except small packet in a large bowl; beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour 3/4 of batter into Bundt pan. Blend contents of small packet into remaining batter. Spoon dark batter here and there over light batter. Pull knife through the batter in wide curves. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Cake is done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Crust will be darker than regular layer cake.
title: Yogurt Chiffon Pie instructions: Combine and put in graham cracker crust. Freeze. Take out 30 to 45 minutes before serving.
title: Cheddar Potatoes instructions: In a greased 2-quart baking dish, arrange potatoes in overlapping rows. Sprinkle with cheese; spoon soup mixture over top. Cover with foil. Bake at 400° for 45 minutes. Uncover. Bake 10 minutes or until potatoes are fork-tender.
title: Pocket Pizza instructions: Beat in a bowl until dough leaves sides. Turn onto a lightly floured surface; gather into a ball. Knead 10 times (I had fun doing this). Cover with a bowl; let stand 15 minutes.
title: Spaghetti Pie instructions: Cook spaghetti; drain (should have about 3 cups). Stir butter into spaghetti. Stir in Parmesan cheese and eggs. Form spaghetti mixture into a "crust" in a buttered 10-inch pie plate. Spread cottage cheese over bottom of spaghetti crust.
title: Apricot Cake instructions: Mix together sugar, eggs, oil and baby food. Add flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nuts; bake at 350° for 1 hour and 20 minutes. Make sure cake is completely cooled before frosting it.
title: Cabbage Soup instructions: Combine brisket, bones and water in deep pot. Add onions and tomatoes and bring to boil. Skim off any foam and reduce heat to low. Simmer 1 hour uncovered. Add cabbage, salt, pepper and garlic and cook another hour over low heat. Stir in lemon juice and sugar; cook 20 minutes longer on low heat. Taste to correct seasoning. Remove bones. Slice meat and serve as a garnish with soup. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Grandma'S Buttermilk Pie instructions: Melt 1 stick margarine. Add other ingredients and mix well. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes in an unbaked pie shell.
title: Feelin' Energetic Cookies instructions: In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar. Mix carrots, egg, orange juice and orange peel. Combine flours, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Mix into oleo mixture to blend thoroughly. Mix in prunes and sunflower seeds. Drop from tablespoon onto greased baking sheets and flatten slightly. Bake in 375° oven for 15 to 20 minutes until lightly browned. Cool on rack. Dust with powdered sugar. Yields 3 dozen.
title: John Ben Getty Casserole instructions: Brown ground beef, onions and pepper in skillet. When tender, mix all other ingredients in casserole dish. Sprinkle cheese over top and bake 30 minutes in oven at 350°.
title: Enchiladas instructions: Brown hamburger in pan and drain grease. Add taco sauce, enchilada sauce and green chilies; let simmer. Grate cheese and chop onion. Put hamburger mixture, cheese and onion inside each corn tortilla (frozen type). Put in 13 x 9 1/2-inch cake pan. Put a layer of hamburger mixture on bottom, then add cheese and onion on top. Bake in oven at 425° until cheese melts, about 10 minutes.
title: "Cowbelle" Special instructions: Cook macaroni according to directions on label. Saute ground beef until well done. Add tomatoes, green peppers, steak sauce and ketchup. Simmer for 30 minutes. Pour into baking dish. Add cooked macaroni and mushroom soup. Top with grated cheese.
title: Cream Of Corn instructions: Mix corn, egg and flour together. Put in a baking pan. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes.
title: Roman Holiday Casserole instructions: Drain cooked macaroni. Melt margarine in pan and add onion. Cook until golden brown. Remove from heat and add macaroni and remaining ingredients. Mix well. Pour into casserole dish and bake 40 to 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Green Bean Bundles instructions: Drain beans. Form bundles by placing 10 beans on a piece of bacon, wrapping bacon around beans.
title: Working Woman'S Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients and refrigerate. Quick and easy!
title: Chili Con Queso Dip instructions: Cook tomatoes, onion and peppers until most of liquid is gone. Add finely cut cheese. Melt over low heat, stirring and observing as this burns easily. Place dip in chafing dish to keep warm.
title: Broccoli And Cauliflower Casserole instructions: Cook just to heat the broccoli and cauliflower then drain and put into casserole dish. Spread over the vegetable the mushroom soup.
title: Layered Tuna Salad instructions: Combine dressing, green onions and mustard; set aside. Toss tuna with dill. In a 3-quart serving bowl, layer lettuce, shells, cucumber, tomatoes, tuna, peas and bacon. Spread dressing mixture over bacon, sealing to edge of bowl. Sprinkle with cheese; cover. Chill several hours or overnight. Toss to serve. Makes 8 servings. Prep. Time: 25 minutes plus chilling.
title: Chicken Divan Pot Pie instructions: Heat oven to 425°. Place cookie sheet in oven to preheat. In a medium saucepan, combine oleo, flour and pepper. Cook over low heat until mixture becomes thick and bubbly. Gradually stir in broth and milk and stir until mixture begins to thicken. Add cheese and stir until melted. Stir in chicken and broccoli. Pour mixture into pie shell. Remove second crust (frozen); place on top of filled pie. Let thaw 10 to 20 minutes. Crimp edges together. Cut slits in top crust. Place pie on cookie sheet. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until crust is brown.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease and flour sheet cake pan (9 x 13-inch). Sprinkle nuts and coconut in pan. Spread to cover. Mix cake according to package directions. Pour evenly over nuts and coconut, but do not stir. Melt margarine and cream cheese in pan over low heat. When melted, mix in a box of powdered sugar. Spoon this over cake. Mix to cover but do not stir. When cooked, the cake will crack like the earth and is so good!
title: Jim'S Breakfast Delight instructions: Stir together the dry ingredients. Add the remaining ingredients; mix well. Pour into greased 7 x 11-inch baking dish. Bake at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes, until set. Let stand 5 minutes before serving. Serves 6.
title: Jello Cake instructions: Put all ingredients in bowl and mix well. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. When done, poke holes on top and pour a mixture of pineapple juice and powdered sugar over hot cake.
title: Breakfast On A Bagel instructions: Place bagel halves on baking sheet. Top with remaining ingredients. Broil until cheese melts.
title: Apple Cobbler instructions: Heat oven to 350° and melt margarine in a 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan. In a saucepan, heat sugar and water until sugar melts. Cut shortening into flour until particles are fine crumbs. Add milk and stir. Turn onto floured board and knead until smooth. Roll dough into large rectangle; spread apples and sprinkle with cinnamon. Roll up and slice into 1 1/2-inches and lay apple, side up carefully in pan. Pour sugar syrup carefully around rolls. Bake 55 to 60 minutes.
title: Goop - Cornstarch instructions: Mix food coloring in water and add to cornstarch. Add less water for thicker solution. Add more water for a thinner one.
title: Russian Refresher Mix instructions: Combine all ingredients and put in 1-quart airtight container. Label and store in cool dry place. Use within 6 months. Makes about 3 1/2 cups of mix.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook and drain broccoli as directed on package. Stir and mix butter, eggs, cheese, mayonnaise, onions, soup and broccoli. Place in long baking dish. Cover with crushed crackers. Bake for 20 minutes at 400°.
title: Hello Dolly instructions: Mix butter and graham cracker crumbs together. Press into 9 x 13-inch pan. Layer other ingredients as listed. Sprinkle a few nuts on top. Bake in greased pan at 375° for 30 minutes.
title: Chocolate Zucchini Cake instructions: In a bowl, mix oleomargarine, sugar and cocoa. Add 3 eggs while mixing. Slowly add flour, baking powder, salt, soda and cinnamon. Beat in 1/2 cup milk. Stir in zucchini, nuts and vanilla; mix well. Pour into a greased and floured 9 x 12-inch cake pan. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Swedish Rye Bread instructions: Soften yeast in warm water. Combine rye flour, molasses, shortening, salt and boiling water; blending well. Cool to lukewarm; add softened yeast. Stir in white flour gradually. Transfer to floured board, let rest 10 minutes. Knead until shiny (about 10 minutes). Cover and put in greased bowl to rise for 2 hours.
title: Salmon Bake instructions: Preheat oven to 400° to 450°. Wash and pat dry salmon steaks. Place on sheet of foil. Cut apple into thick slices and place on top of salmon. Sprinkle with nutmeg (to taste) and wrap foil over. Place in oven (can put cookie sheet under foil or in shallow baking dish). Bake 15 to 25 minutes, covered, then unwrap and continue baking 5 to 10 minutes longer at lowered temperature of 350°, until salmon pulls into flakes with fork.
title: Skillet Baked Beans instructions: Brown bacon, pepper and onion in skillet. Drain grease and break up bacon. Add beans, catsup and syrup to skillet. Let simmer 45 minutes.
title: Pineapple Pie instructions: Combine pineapple, condensed milk and lemon juice. Stir until thickened. Fold in Cool Whip and nuts. Divide into 3 graham crusts, chill and pig out.
title: Angel Delights instructions: Melt bark. Mil all together in pan. Drop by spoonfuls on wax paper and let cool.
title: Mixed Vegetable Bake instructions: Heat cream cheese and milk over low heat; stir until smooth. Add mixed vegetables and seasonings; mix well. Pour into 1-quart casserole. Cover with potatoes and top with tomato slices. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Makes 4 servings.
title: Jack'S Delight instructions: Break up pretzels with hands (enough to cover the bottom of 9 x 13-inch baking dish). Put butter on top. Put in 300° oven until butter melts and is absorbed by pretzels.
title: Chocolate Cream Log instructions: Sift flour and measure; add baking powder, cocoa and salt. Sift again. Beat in half the sugar a little at a time. Beat until smooth and glossy. Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon-colored; add remaining sugar and vanilla. Continue beating until very thick; slowly add water, stirring constantly. Gently fold in beaten whites; gradually fold in dry ingredients. Turn into shallow oblong pan about 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-inch. Line with wax paper. Bake at 375° for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn out on clean towel and roll up. Cool.
title: Chocolate Fudge Pie instructions: Melt butter and cocoa together; add sugar, flour, salt, eggs, vanilla and milk. Mix all together. Pour into pie crust. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Can add walnuts or other nuts to mix if you like.
title: Pineapple Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In lightly greased casserole dish, place drained pineapple chunks. In small bowl, mix together sugar and flour and sprinkle over pineapple. Layer grated cheese over, then cracker crumbs. Pour melted butter over all. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Mexican Biscuit Casserole instructions: Layer a 9 x 13-inch pan with one can of the crescent rolls. Brown the ground beef in a skillet. Drain the beef and place it on top of the crescent rolls. Spoon the taco sauce onto the beef. Sprinkle the Cheddar cheese over the beef and taco sauce. Cover all of this with the remaining can of crescent rolls. Bake at 350° for approximately 15 minutes.
title: Finger Jello instructions: Using your favorite flavor of Jell-O, mix all ingredients until dissolved. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Refrigerate until set. Cut into squares.
title: Fred'S Chicken Or Turkey Casserole instructions: Preheat oven and Pam spray two 9 x 13-inch casserole pans. Mix all ingredients together except oleo and corn flakes. Pour into casserole pans and top with corn flake crumbs (rough crumbs) and drizzle melted oleo over the tops. Bake about 45 minutes or until bubbly. Yields two 9 x 13-inch pans.
title: Monkey Bread instructions: Grease Bundt or tube pan. Mix together 3/4 cup sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon. Cut each biscuit in fourths, using scissors to do this. Shake pieces from one can at a time in the sugar/cinnamon mixture. Place these into cake pan. Melt margarine, 3/4 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon together and pour over biscuit pieces in cake pan. Bake 35 minutes at 350°. They may be done sooner. Turn out on cake plate. Break off in bits. Do not cook in two-piece angel food pan. All the butter will leak out!
title: Pretzel Candy instructions: Melt chocolate in microwave, stirring often to avoid scorching. Add the pretzels and peanuts and stir to coat well. Cover a cookie sheet with foil and spread the mixture on foil. Let cool in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or until hardened. Lift foil from cookie sheet and peel away from hardened candy. Break candy into bite-sized pieces. Store in air-tight container in a cool, dry place.
title: Salmon Party Ball instructions: Combine cheese, juice, onion and seasoning. Then add salmon. Chill 2 hours. Shape mixture into ball. Roll in nuts and parsley. Serve with crackers.
title: Fancy Fried Green Tomatoes instructions: Combine sour cream, dill weed and onion in a small bowl, stirring well. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours. Cut tomatoes into 1/4-inch slices and place in large bowl. Fill bowl with ice water and let stand 30 minutes. Combine flour, cornmeal, salt and pepper. Drain tomatoes and pat dry with paper towels. Dip tomato slices in beaten eggs and dredge in flour mixture. Cook tomatoes in single layer in 1/2-inch oil over high heat until lightly browned, turning once. Drain on paper towels and serve with sauce.
title: Potluck Potatoes instructions: Spread potatoes on bottom of 9 x 13-inch greased pan. Blend together all other ingredients except cornflakes. Spread over potatoes. Spread cornflakes on top. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Old-Fashioned Sweet-Sour Cole Slaw instructions: Place shredded cabbage in covered dish in refrigerator for several hours. Mix ingredients in order given 30 minutes before serving. Chill and serve.
title: Peanut Brittle instructions: Boil sugar, Karo and water until it spins thread. Add peanuts and stir continually after peanuts are added. Cook until mixture turns brownish gold. Take from the fire. Add butter, salt and soda. Pour onto buttered pan to cool. When hard, break into pieces.
title: Chicken Inspiration instructions: Cut chicken into bite size pieces and place in Dutch oven. Shake on herbal seasoning mixture, add mushrooms and pour in 1/2 cup milk. Layer on cheese. Cover and bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove pan from oven and add croutons that have been soaking in beaten egg, milk, bouillon and Parmesan cheese mixture. Distribute croutons evenly to keep in moisture and make a crust. Return to oven without lid. Bake about 45 minutes or until croutons are nicely browned.
title: Down East Blueberry Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar; add eggs. Beat well. Add sour milk. Sift together dry ingredients and add to creamed mixture by hand or low speed in mixer until well mixed. Fold in blueberries. Pour batter into 9x9-inch pan, greased and lined with wax paper; bake about 350° for 45-50 minutes.
title: Cranberry-Pecan Bars instructions: Mix flour, sugar and salt. Cut in margarine and stir in 1/2 cup of nuts. Press into 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for about 15 minutes. Mix 1 1/4 cups sugar and 2 tablespoons flour. Stir in beaten eggs, milk, salt and vanilla. Fold in cranberries, coconut and the rest of the nuts. Spread over partly baked crust. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until top is golden. Cool in pan 10 minutes on a rack; cut in bars while warm.
title: Stacked Twinkie Cake instructions: Cut Twinkies in half lengthwise; line cake pan. Bake a yellow cake (follow cake recipe), but add 2 packages of French vanilla (instant as directions says) pudding as a topping (for regular cake size) for cake instead of icing. Pour over the cake. Then drain one large can of crushed pineapple and spread all over top of pudding. Then top pineapples with Cool Whip (1 tub). Sprinkle with 2 cups of coconut and sprinkle chopped finely chopped pecans as decoration. Can be frozen.
title: Jalapeno Cheese Squares instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In greased 9 x 13-inch pan, place layer of cheeses and layer of peppers. Pour eggs over top. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until eggs are set. Cut into appetizer size squares.
title: Almond Roca instructions: Combine sugar and butter in heavy pot. Bring to a boil and cook for 9 minutes or hard crack stage, stirring constantly. Pour into 2 well buttered 8-inch pie tins.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Prepare instant potatoes as directed. While still warm add sour cream, cream cheese and spices. Place in deep casserole (can be covered and frozen at this point.) Sprinkle with parsley, if desired. Bake uncovered 45 minutes to 1 hour until top is lightly brown at 325°. May take longer if frozen.
title: Spaghetti Casserole instructions: Cook spaghetti noodles as directed. In frying pan, brown hamburger with onions. Add cream cheese, tomato soup, milk and olives. Cook until thick and bubbly, then add spaghetti noodles. Put into large glass dish and cook in oven at 400° for 45 minutes.
title: Green Bean Cheesy instructions: Cook green beans and garlic powder together. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium and cook 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Macaroni Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients. Chill and serve. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Easy Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Bake in casserole in a 375° oven for 1 hour, until potatoes are tender. Makes 8 servings.
title: Salsa Sauce instructions: Cook all except cumin, cayenne and oregano. Add cumin, cayenne and oregano. Cold pack 10 to 25 minutes. Good on taco salad.
title: Wholesome Oatmeal Biscuits instructions: Combine flour, baking powder, salt, brown sugar, nonfat dry milk and oats in medium bowl. Mix thoroughly, breaking up brown sugar to distribute evenly. Cut in shortening until mixture is crumbly. Combine eggs and water; add to flour mixture. Stir just until blended. Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls onto cookie sheet. Bake in 400° oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Makes 2 dozen drop biscuits.
title: Dumplings With Chives instructions: Stir flour, baking powder, salt and chives together. Combine milk, oil and add to dry ingredients.
title: Cornish Hens instructions: Salt and pepper insides of birds. Stuff with cooked brown rice. Baste with sauce every 15 minutes.	Bake at 375° for 1 hour and 15 minutes.
title: The Best Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Beat butter, sugars, vanilla and eggs until fluffy. Process oatmeal in blender until it's like flour; add to butter mixture. Sift flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt; add to mixture. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop cookies on baking sheet. Bake at 350° for 7 to 8 minutes.
title: Strawberry Bread instructions: Cream together the butter or margarine, sugar and almond extract. Beat in egg yolks, one at a time. Sift together dry ingredients. Add alternately with strawberries to creamed mixture. Beat egg whites until stiff; fold into mixture. Line a 9 x 5-inch pan with greased waxed paper. Turn batter into pan and bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes, or until toothpick comes out clean. Cool 15 minutes on rack, then remove to finish cooling. Freezes well.
title: Spoon Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water; let stand 5 minutes. Combine yeast mixture with butter and flour in bowl; mix well. Stir in egg and sugar. Refrigerate overnight. Spoon butter into greased muffin pans; fill 2/3 full. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes.
title: Beef, Beans And Dumplings instructions: In casserole dish, crumble beef and sausage; add onion and garlic. Cook, covered, on High for 4 to 6 minutes in microwave. Drain fat. Stir in sauce, undrained beans, water and pepper. Cook, covered, on High 7 to 9 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring once. Arrange biscuits around outer edges, leaving center open. Sprinkle the center with cheese and parsley. Cook, uncovered, on High 2 to 3 minutes or until biscuits are done, turning at 1 1/2 minutes.
title: Spaghetti Sauce instructions: Cook first 5 ingredients 3 1/2 hours. Add mushrooms halfway through and cooked ground beef.
title: Congo Square instructions: Mix all the ingredients together. Bake at 350° for about 30 minutes.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Boil chicken until tender. Cool and debone. Mix milk, celery soup and	chicken soup.	Add 1 cup chicken broth to mixture. Melt margarine and stir into corn bread stuffing. In a large dish put a layer of crumbs, a layer of chicken and soup mixture. Put another layer of crumbs, a layer of chicken and soup mixture. Top with crumbs and bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Blueberry Heaven instructions: Tear cake into tiny pieces and line bottom of an oblong cake pan. Mix Cool Whip and almond extract together and pour over cake. Pour pie filling over this and swirl around. (Can use other pie filling if desired.)
title: Shortcut Rocky Road Candy instructions: In a 2-quart saucepan, combine butterscotch, chocolate chips and condensed milk. Heat over medium-low heat, stirring until chips are melted. Do not let chocolate burn. Remove from heat. Stir nuts and marshmallows into mixture. Spread into greased 9-inch square baking pan. Refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours. Cut into squares. Makes 2 pounds.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Chop bell pepper and cook in a little oil. Mix squash, eggs, cheese, bell pepper, salt, butter and 1/2 the bread crumbs. Pour into baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining crumbs. Bake 1 hour at 350° (uncovered). Serves 6.
title: Cheese Dip instructions: Brown all meat together with onions. Drain. Add cheese and melt in meat. Add soup and peppers.
title: *Chocolate Pie* instructions: Mix together in saucepan everything except egg yolks. Beat egg yolks and add to mixture. Cook over medium heat until thick. Pour in baked pie shells. Two-pie recipe.
title: Zucchini Fruit Bread(Sugar-Free)   instructions: Beat eggs, oil, honey and vanilla until thick and creamy. Stir in zucchini and pineapple. Add dry ingredients, mixing on low speed until just blended. Stir in nuts and raisins, then pour into two well-greased loaf pans. Bake 45 to 55 minutes at 350° or until center is done.
title: Easy Frozen Berry Jam instructions: Place berries, juices, rind and salt in saucepan. Mash berries to release juice. Heat to boiling. Sprinkle gelatin over hot mixture, stirring well to dissolve. Remove from heat; skim and pack immediately into hot, sterile jars topped with sterile lids. Set aside to cool to room temperature. When cool, freeze in sharp freeze section of freezer. Remove to main part for storage. To use, thaw overnight. One tablespoon has 6 calories.
title: Butterfinger Dessert instructions: Combine cracker crumbs and margarine. Mix well. Put 2/3 mixture in bottom of greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix pudding and milk. Blend in ice cream and pour over cracker mixture. Refrigerate until well set. Spread Cool Whip over pudding. Mix candy with remaining cracker crumbs and sprinkle over top. Refrigerate.
title: Chicken Noodle Soup Homemade instructions: Noodles: Combine eggs, flour, oil and salt. Add small amounts of water to moisten. Roll thinly on floured surface. Cut into strips and separate to dry.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Mix all together, except flour and milk. Mix flour and milk until smooth; then mix all together and pour into a greased baking dish. Bake at 375° approximately 1 1/2 hours or until firm and slightly browned.
title: Pear Half Salad instructions: Mix together softened cream cheese, mayonnaise and nuts. Add cream a little at a time to make a smooth texture. Add sugar. Put a heaping tablespoon on each pear half; serve on lettuce leaf.
title: Cranberry Cream Pie instructions: Whip cream cheese until soft and fluffy. Beat in confectioners sugar. Stir in cranberry sauce; fold in whipped topping. Divide filling between the 2 pie shells. Freeze.
title: Ground Turkey Kebabs(Microwave)   instructions: With your hands, mix turkey in a bowl with chopped onion, chopped green pepper, tomato sauce, Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, allspice, salt and pepper. Form mixture into 8 or 9 oval balls.
title: Meatballs For Spaghetti instructions: Combine all ingredients. Shape in little balls. Roll in flour-paprika mixture. Fry in 3 tablespoons butter until brown. Add spaghetti and sauce.
title: Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches instructions: *Note: Butter can be substituted with fat-free margarine or Blue Bonnet light to cut more fat grams.
title: Baked Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Cook macaroni in salted water until tender. Put in a casserole dish; add milk, cheese, pepper and a dot of butter. Top the macaroni with bread crumbs and bake for about 30 minutes at 325° or until it is browned. May also add chopped peppers, onions, celery or parsley.
title: Sweet Nothings instructions: Melt butter, peanut butter and chocolate chips. Pour in box of Rice Chex, then put Rice Chex in bag of powdered sugar.
title: Ragout instructions: Drain beans and peas. Add all other ingredients. Mix well. Cover and chill.
title: Pepper Steak And Rice instructions: While rice is cooking, cut steak into 1/4-inch strips. Sprinkle meat with paprika and allow to stand while preparing other ingredients.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Mix dry ingredients first in a large bowl. Then mix in the rest of the ingredients. Spray loaf pans with Pam. Makes 4 large loaves or 6 to 7 small. Bake in a 350° oven for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Apple Crisp instructions: Cut apples in 1/4-inch slices and place in a buttered baking dish. Add cinnamon and water. Work together the sugar, flour and butter until crumbly. Spread over apples and bake at 350° uncovered for about 40 minutes. Serve hot with whipped cream.
title: Buttermilk Pie 1 instructions: Cream butter, sugar, flour, vanilla and nutmeg. Add eggs and buttermilk, stirring until mixed. Put in dash of salt, if desired. Pour in unbaked pie shell. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Mock Pizza Snack instructions: Fry and crumble sausage. Spread cream cheese onto pizza pan. Cover with salsa followed by sausage, onion, green pepper and cheese. Scoop up onto tortilla chips to serve.
title: Cracker Snacks instructions: Put first 5 ingredients into a large brown sack and shake well. Add oil and shake until well mixed and coated. Put in airtight container for at least 1 hour
title: Lasagna instructions: Brown together beef and onion; drain fat. Add garlic powder, salt, oregano, basil, brown sugar, green pepper, tomatoes, water, tomato sauce and tomato paste. Simmer for 1 hour or until condensed.
title: Cherry Winks Cookies instructions: Blend dry ingredients to cream and mix thoroughly. Add 1 cup nuts (pecans or walnuts), 1 cup chopped dates and 1/2 cup cherries.
title: Impossible Ham 'N Swiss Pie instructions: The pie that does the impossible by making its own crust. Makes 6 servings.
title: Tater Wedges With Cheese instructions: Cut potatoes in wedges; roll in flour, then pour in oil in fry skillet. Place potatoes in oil and cook until brown. Place on paper towel to drain excess oil. Dice lettuce and tomatoes. Place on plate, then add potatoes on top. Heat cheese in microwave oven, then pour over top of all your ingredients. Serves 4.
title: Ham Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients in greased casserole dish. Bake 1 hour at 325°.
title: Irish Potato Cake instructions: Cream butter, sugar and egg yolks. Cream and mash potatoes and mix. Add milk. Sift dry ingredients. Add nuts and raisins. Beat egg whites. Fold in last and bake in 350° oven until done. May cover with chocolate icing or any other favorite icing. (May use 1/4 cup cocoa in cake for chocolate flavor, if desired.)
title: Honolulu Chicken instructions: Mix flour, salt and pepper in bowl. Coat chicken in flour mixture and cook in oil until brown. Remove drippings from pan. Return chicken to pan. In a bowl mix peach preserves, barbecue sauce, soy sauce and onion; mix well. Cover chicken with sauce and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook 40 minutes. Add water chestnuts, green pepper slices and carrot slices. Cook an additional 10 minutes. Serve over rice.
title: Lemon Bars instructions: Blend cake mix, butter and egg together. Press into a 9 X 13 greased pan. Cream together the cream cheese and powdered sugar. Add eggs and mix until smooth. Pour over crust. Bake at 350 degrees for 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely before cutting.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Boil sweet potatoes for 30 minutes or until tender. Mash. Add remaining ingredients, except marshmallows and pecans. Spoon mixture into greased casserole, cover with marshmallows and sprinkle with pecan halves. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Serve immediately.
title: Blonde Brownies(Shirley Mckenzie)   instructions: Add sugar to cooled, melted oleo and eggs, one at a time. Add dry ingredients all at once; mix thoroughly. Add vanilla, chocolate chips and nuts. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes in a 13 x 9-inch pan. You must take out of oven before they are finished. It takes 15 minutes, but the middle is all soft. If left in oven too long, they will be too hard.
title: Lemon Sauce instructions: Mix sugar and cornstarch. Add water gradually, stirring constantly. Boil for 5 minutes. Remove from fire and add butter, lemon juice and nutmeg. This is great over bread pudding.
title: Mike'S Fried Rice instructions: Heat wok or large frying pan on high. Add oil, then chopped green onions, including most of green parts. Stir-fry for 1 minute. Add leftover meat that has been cubed; stir-fry another minute. Add cooked mixed vegetables; season to taste with garlic powder and ginger. Stir-fry 1 minute more, then add rice and mix well. Add scrambled eggs which have been mashed well with a fork. Sprinkle with soy sauce to taste; stir-fry for 2 more minutes. Enjoy.
title: Shrimp Casserole instructions: Cook mushrooms in butter about 4 minutes. Cook rice according to directions on box. Mix all ingredients in buttered 2-quart casserole. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Makes 8 servings.
title: Better Than Sex Cake instructions: Mix dry ingredients; whip eggs and oil together and add remaining ingredients and stir to mix well. Pour into a greased and floured 9 x 13-inch pan and bake at 350° for 40 minutes.
title: Salmon Ball instructions: In bowl, combine all ingredients, except parsley. Mix well. Refrigerate about 4 hours or until firm enough to shape into a ball. Shape in ball; roll in parsley (and chopped nuts, if desired). Refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving. Serve with crackers or small slices of rye bread. Makes 5-inch ball.
title: Veal Parmesan instructions: Cook patties until done; drain grease. Simmer sauce, then mix cheeses, sauce, patties, garlic and herbs. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Combine first 6 ingredients in a large bowl. Combine corn meal and remaining ingredients; stir into corn mixture. Pour into a lightly greased 11 x 7 x 1 1/2-inch baking dish. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes or until a knife inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Quiche Lorraine instructions: Bake unpricked pastry shell in very hot oven (450°) for 5 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove from oven; reduce temperature to 325°. Cook bacon until crisp; drain and crumble. Reserve 2 tablespoons. Place remaining bacon in pie shell. Add cheese. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over cheese. Trim with reserved bacon. Bake at 325° for 35 to 40 minutes or until knife inserted just off-center comes out clean. Let cool 10 minutes before serving.
title: Green Fluff instructions: Stir together; pour into dessert dishes and cool. Makes four servings.
title: Swiss Chicken instructions: Place chicken in greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Sprinkle with garlic powder and pepper. Top each breast with cheese slice; set aside. Combine soup and milk; stir until smooth. Pour over chicken. Sprinkle with stuffing mix and drizzle with butter. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Broccoli Cauliflower Salad instructions: Mix together the Miracle Whip, Sweet 'N Low and vinegar. Pour over chopped vegetables. Add bacon bits and cheese. Best if chilled a couple of hours before serving.
title: Pepper Steak And Rice instructions: Cube steak and brown; drain. In large pot, boil about 4 cups water, bouillon, onion, pepper and mushrooms for 20 minutes. Add meat. Boil rice; add to mixture. Add soy sauce. Cook for about 10 minutes.
title: Crab Meat Bisque instructions: Mix and heat ingredients and add crab meat at the end.
title: Virginia'S Christmas Salad instructions: Mix Jell-O and water regular way. Add nuts, celery, cranberries, apple and sour cream. Chill until ready.
title: Cherry Dessert instructions: Mix graham crackers and melted butter. Put in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Mix all other ingredients, except the cherries. Add on top of the pie crust. When done pouring the mixture, smooth evenly and top with the cherries; refrigerate.
title: Split Pea Soup instructions: Combine all ingredients and cook on medium until it boils, then cook on low for 3 to 4 hours. Add water if necessary to desired thickness.
title: Quesadilla Party Wedges instructions: Brush 6 tortillas with water and place on an ungreased baking sheet. Spread 2/3 cup of cheese over each tortilla. Sprinkle with some diced olives and chilies. Top each with another tortilla. Brush tortilla lightly with water. Cover baking sheets with foil. Bake at 300° for 15 minutes or until hot and cheese is completely melted. Remove from oven and cut each tortilla into 6 wedges. Top each wedge with an avocado slice and brush with lemon juice. Add hot sauce, if desired. Yields 24.
title: Ground Beef 'N Biscuits instructions: In skillet, cook beef and onion until tender. Drain. Stir in flour, salt and pepper until blended. Add pizza sauce and corn. Simmer 5 minutes. Transfer to a greased 13 x 9 baking dish. Separate biscuits and arrange over beef mixture. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 20 minutes or until biscuits are golden and cheese is melted. Makes 6 servings.
title: Sunday Fried Chicken instructions: Combine dry ingredients in a plastic bag. In a bowl, lightly beaten eggs and milk. Dip chicken pieces in egg mixture and shake off excess. Shake a few pieces in the bag at a time, coating well. In an electric skillet, heat 1/4-inch oil to 350°. Brown chicken on all sides. Reduce heat to 275° and continue cooking for 30 minutes. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Day Ahead Banana Pudding instructions: Mix vanilla pudding with milk until blended. Add sour cream and sweetened condensed milk. Fold in whipped topping.
title: Blue-Apple Pie instructions: Prepare pie crust as directed on box for 9-inch pie. Line plate bottom with crust. Mix sugar and flour. Mix with apples. Fill apples in bottom of crust; add the blueberry filling on top of apples. Cover with top crust. Slit vent in top; flute edges high to prevent spill-over in oven. Heat oven to 400°. Bake 10 minutes. Reduce to 350° and bake 25 minutes longer. Makes one 9-inch pie. Serves 8.
title: Raisin Sauce instructions: Combine first 3 ingredients in medium pan; stir well. Add remaining ingredients; cook over low heat, stirring constantly until thickened. Serve warm over pork or ham.
title: Bible Cake instructions: In a large bowl, soften and cream Genesis 18. Slowly beat in Isaiah. In small bowl, beat Job well and add to creamed mixture. Sift together 1 Samuel, 1 Kings, Exodus and Luke. Add to creamed mixture and mix thoroughly. Fold in 2 Samuel and Genesis 43. Grease a 9-inch tube pan with Judges. Line with waxed paper; pour in batter. Bake 30 minutes at 350°. Lower oven temperature to 325° and bake 20 to 25 minutes longer until cake is golden brown and tests done. Cool in pan on wire rack 15 minutes. Invert onto serving plate, remove waxed paper and cool completely.
title: Old-Timey Frosting instructions: Add flour to water a little at a time. Cook until real thick; let cool. Mix sugar and shortening together until creamy. Add flour mixture a little at a time. Beat until smooth and creamy. Frosting will not get hard.
title: Pineapple Chicken instructions: Place chicken in a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Combine Worcestershire sauce and next 3 ingredients; stir well. Pour over chicken. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.
title: Chicken Monterey instructions: Cut chicken breasts in half. Thaw frozen artichoke hearts and green beans.
title: Sour Cream 'N Dill Chicken instructions: Dip pieces of chicken in melted margarine, then roll pieces in crushed Rice Krispies. Season to taste. Place in pan lined with aluminum foil. Bake for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Popcorn Balls instructions: Melt margarine, sugar and vanilla in microwave oven. Add marshmallows and melt, stirring mixture once or twice during cooking. Pour over popcorn. Shape into balls.
title: Fried Salt Pork With Gravy instructions: Parboil slices in skillet; drain skillet well before using it for frying. Heat oil in skillet until hot. Dip salt pork in flour mixture; put in skillet and fry until golden brown. To thicken gravy, use 2 tablespoons of flour used for dredging. Blend the flour and fat very well before adding milk.
title: Cows Milk For Kittens instructions: Mix all ingredients together and store in refrigerator. To use, heat a small quantity to room temperature. Feed kitten with an eye dropper.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Clean mushrooms and pat dry. Then rub with oil. Arrange them in a large 13 x 9-inch pan. Add water. Cook sausage until brown; remove to drain. Reserve drippings to saute onion, garlic and stems. Mix the sausage, spinach, egg, bread crumbs and Parmesan. Mix well, then stir in onion, garlic and stems.
title: Heavenly Onions instructions: Simmer onions in butter in heavy pan on low until tender and separated. Stir constantly. Place in a 2-quart casserole. Sprinkle with pepper; top with cheese. Heat soup, milk and soy sauce until blended. Pour soup mixture over all; stir gently. Butter bread slices on both sides and top casserole, overlapping the slices. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Top Secret Dressing instructions: Combine all ingredients in a jar. Cover. Shake well. Chill. Cook macaroni. Drain and cool. Mix with your favorite vegetables, broccoli, tomatoes, etc. and pour the dressing over and mix and chill.
title: Irish Soda Bread instructions: *I never buy buttermilk. I add 1 tablespoon vinegar to 1 cup milk and let stand 5 minutes.
title: "Surprises" instructions: Make a large patty for each person. Place each patty separately in foil. Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce over meat; dash with salt and pepper. Place slice of onion on top of meat. Place sliced potato on top of onion. Place sliced carrot around meat. Sprinkle with all-purpose flour, seasoning and a little more sauce over vegetables. Wrap tight in foil. Bake 1 1/4 hours at 325°. Serve hot.
title: Ham And Cheese Americana instructions: Combine dairy sour cream, mayonnaise and mustard. Lay ham slice flat. Spread with some of the sour cream mixture. Lay strip of American cheese on one end of ham slice. Roll jelly roll fashion. Fasten with toothpick topped with olive. Makes 24 rolls.
title: Baked Beans instructions: Fry onion and bacon. Add remaining ingredients. Bake in bean pot at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Cranberry Relish instructions: Cook until the berries pop the cranberries, raisins, sugar, water and spices. Add celery and apple and continue to cook until mixture thickens and apples are cooked. Makes about one quart.
title: 3 Cheese Chicken Bake instructions: Cook and drain noodles. Cook onions and peppers in margarine until tender. Stir in soup, mushrooms, pimento, milk and basil. Layer half of noodles in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Top with 1/2 of sauce, 1/2 of cottage cheese, 1/2 of chicken and half of both cheeses. Repeat layers. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. If casserole comes from "fridge" add 15 minutes to baking time.
title: Cheese Manicotti instructions: In a 2-quart saucepan, cook onion and garlic in oil until tender but not browned. Add tomatoes, tomato sauce, water, sugar, oregano, thyme, the first 1/4 teaspoon salt and bay leaf. Bring to boiling; simmer, uncovered, for 45 minutes. Remove bay leaf.
title: Easy Punch instructions: Mix Kool-Aid, sugar and water. Add pineapple juice and chill. (One package cherry Kool-Aid and one package raspberry Kool-Aid make a good flavor combination. For green punch, use lemon-lime Kool-Aid.) Pour over ice in punch bowl. Add chilled ginger ale. Serve at once. Makes 50 half cup servings.
title: Corn Bread instructions: Heat oven to 425°. Grease small baking pan. Blend all ingredients about 20 seconds. Beat 1 minute. Pour into pan. Bake 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Noodle Casserole instructions: Cook ziti with salt. Cut ham into little squares. Drain ziti. Grease a casserole dish. Then put one layer ziti and one layer of ham into casserole dish.
title: Mushroom-Alfredo Sauce instructions: Melt margarine in medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour until well blended. Gradually stir in half and half, water and chicken bouillon cubes. Cook, stirring constantly until sauce is slightly thickened. Add sliced mushrooms (drained). Stir in cheese and heat just until melted. Serve over fettuccine noodles or tortellini.
title: Pina Colada Punch instructions: Put sherbet in punch bowl. Pour in 7-Up. Mix well and serve.
title: Easy Cucumber Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients and serve ice cold on a bed of lettuce.
title: Margaret'S 7 Layer Cookies instructions: Melt 1 stick of oleo in a 9 X 13 pan. Add 2 cups crushed graham crackers on top of oleo. Continue to layer the following: 1-6 oz package chocolate chips, 1 -6 oz package butterscotch chips, 1 cup shredded coconut, 3/4 cup chopped walnuts, 1 can condensed milk--pour over the top. Top with rice crispies or crushed corn flakes (a hand full). Bake at 350° for 20-25 minutes.
title: Mexican Cornbread instructions: Mix all of the ingredients and put into a medium sized baking skillet. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Cranberry Sparkle instructions: Mix thoroughly making sure sugar is dissolved. Serve cold. Makes 1 gallon.
title: Double Fudge Brownie Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Prepare brownie mix as package directs. Stir in nuts. Spread into greased 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until center is set. In heavy saucepan, over medium heat, melt chips and margarine with sweetened condensed milk and vanilla. Spread evenly over brownie layer. Cool. Chill 2 hours or until topping is firm. Cut into bars. Store covered at room temperature. Makes 24 to 36 bars.
title: Jan Sherrill'S Shrimp Salad instructions: Salt cucumbers; place in bowl for 2 hours. Wring out moisture. Mix other ingredients together in large bowl. When cucumbers are ready, add to mixture. Let it sit for an hour; adjust seasoning. Serve on bed of lettuce. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Baked Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Wash mushrooms and remove stems. In a bowl, mix clams and wine. Cut a few mushroom stems and add 1/3 to 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs. Spoon stuffing into mushroom caps. Place in baking pan and pour 1/4 cup melted butter over them. Cook in oven 20 minutes at 375°.
title: Crock-Pot Pepper Steak instructions: Slice steak into narrow strips. In skillet, brown steak in oil. Combine with garlic, salt, pepper, soy sauce and sugar in crock-pot. Cook on low 6 to 8 hours. Turn control to high. Add bean sprouts, tomatoes and green peppers. Dissolve cornstarch in water and stir into pot. Cover and cook on high 15 to 20 minutes. Serves 4.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Prepare pastry; set aside. Cook potatoes and carrots until tender in one saucepan. Cook celery and onions in another pan. While vegetables are cooking, make gravy by adding flour to the butter in a small pan. When blended, add chicken broth, salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Bring to a boil. Set aside.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Blend eggs slightly. Add syrup, sugar, salt, margarine and vanilla. Add nuts. Pour into unbaked pie shell and bake for 12 minutes in a 375° oven, then reduce heat to 325° and bake for 40 minutes or until pie is set.
title: Cheese Sticks instructions: Grate cheese. Let butter soften to room temperature. Hand mix cheese and butter until smooth. Mix dry ingredients together, then pour into cheese and butter mixture. Mix with hands until well blended. Press onto cookie sheet (ungreased). Bake about 15 minutes or until set at 350°. Makes 7 to 8 dozen.
title: Grasshopper Pie instructions: Mix crushed Oreo cookies and melted butter; press into 9 x 13-inch cake pan. Freeze. Soften 1/2 gallon ice cream. Spread over frozen crust. Return to freezer. In saucepan, melt semi-sweet chocolate; add powdered sugar, butter and evaporated milk. Bring to rolling boil; cool. Spread over ice cream. Return to freezer. Keep frozen until just before serving.
title: Beef Noodle Casserole instructions: Brown beef in 2 tablespoons butter. Drain. Garlic to taste. Add sugar, salt and pepper. Then add tomato sauce and let simmer on low for 15 minutes.
title: Raisin Pie instructions: Boil raisins in 1 3/4 cups water for 5 minutes. Combine brown sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon and salt. Moisten with remaining 1/4 cup water. Add to raisins, stirring until mixture boils. Remove from heat and add butter and vinegar. Pour into pastry lined 9-inch pie pan. Cover with top crust. Bake 15 minutes at 425°, then reduce heat to 350° and bake until brown.
title: Fruit Scones instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Butter 2 large cookie sheets. Sift flour into bowl. Mix in both sugars. Add butter and rub in fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1/2 cup dried fruit. Stir in enough cream to form soft, slightly sticky dough. Turn dough out onto slightly floured surface and knead until just combined. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disc. Roll out to thickness of 3/4-inch. Cut out rounds using 2-inch round cookie cutter. Gather scraps and re-roll on floured surface. Cut out additional rounds.
title: Salsa Chicken instructions: Dip chicken in milk and then roll in bread crumbs. Bake chicken at 375° for 30 minutes. Pour salsa on top. Bake for 30 more minutes or until chicken is done.
title: Cornbread instructions: Mix dry ingredients. Add milk, well beaten egg and melted fat. Beat. Bake in a shallow greased pan in a hot oven, 375°, for 20 minutes or more.
title: Catsup instructions: Combine tomatoes, salt, sugar, vinegar, cinnamon, mustard, red pepper and mixed spices in kettle. Boil hard for 1 hour. Strain. Return to stove and thicken with cornstarch, moistened with a little vinegar. Boil for 10 minutes. Very good. I prefer to use only 1 teaspoon red pepper.
title: Chocolate Chip Muffins instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Grease or line bottoms of 12 muffin cup tin. Combine first 4 ingredients. Stir in remaining ingredients until dry ingredients are moistened. (Batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. Bake at 400° for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from pan. Serve warm.
title: Worm Meat(Shredded Barbecue Beef)   instructions: Place roast and vegetables in a large, heavy pot. Cover with water. Cook, covered, for 4 hours. Remove meat, cool and shred with a fork. Return meat to 1 1/2 cups of the broth. Add remaining ingredients. Slowly boil, uncovered, for 1 hour. Additional broth may be added, if needed. When done, mixture should be of spreading consistency. Serve on either noodles or rolls. Serves 10 to 12.
title: Mississippi Mud Pie instructions: Pour half and half into large mixing bowl. Add pie filling mix and instant coffee. Beat with wire whisk 1 minute. Let stand 5 minutes. Fold in whipped topping. Spoon into crust. Freeze until firm (about 6 hours). Remove from freezer. Let stand 10 minutes to soften. Top with fudge sauce. Store in freezer.
title: Mozzarella Chicken instructions: Flatten chicken between sheets of wax paper. Spread butter over each piece and season with salt and pepper. Place 1 slice Mozzarella cheese over each piece. Roll up and fasten with toothpicks. Roll each in flour, dip in egg and then roll in bread crumbs. Place in a medium size casserole. Cover and bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Remove cover and bake 15 minutes longer.
title: Grilled Ham Sandwich instructions: Combine cream cheese, mustard and horseradish, mixing until well blended. Spread approximately 1 tablespoon cream cheese mixture onto each bread slice. For each sandwich, cover one bread slice with process cheese spread, ham and second bread slice. Spread sandwich with margarine. Grill until lightly browned on both sides. Makes 4 sandwiches.
title: Best Ever Banana Bread instructions: Cream together butter, sugar and eggs. Mix sour cream and soda together in bowl and let stand until foamy. Add the rest of the ingredients to the above mixtures and mix well. Place into 4 greased and floured 9 x 5-inch bread pans or into 12 prepared mini loaf pans. Sprinkle lightly with sugar just before baking. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Note: You may add 1 cup of chopped nuts to the batter if you wish. You may also use Egg Beaters, low-fat sour cream and margarine. This is a very moist bread recipe which makes a lot and freezes well.
title: Mom'S Meat Loaf instructions: Combine all ingredients in large mixing bowl, mix well together. Shape into greased loaf pan and bake.
title: Easy Caramel Frosting instructions: Melt butter in heavy saucepan. Add brown sugar and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves. Do not boil. Remove from heat. Stir in whipping cream. Add powdered sugar and vanilla; beat at high speed until smooth. Frost 1 (10-inch) cake.
title: Green Apple Punch instructions: Put juices and green coloring in punch bowl. Gently add cold 7-Up. Serves 32 (4 ounces).
title: Golden Corn Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Sift together corn meal, flour, sugar and baking powder into a bowl. Add egg, milk and oil. Beat with beaters until smooth. Bake in a greased 8-inch square pan for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Fat-Free Fudge Brownies(Yield: 16 Servings)   instructions: Combine the flour, cocoa, sugar and salt, if desired, and stir to mix well. Stir in the applesauce, egg whites and vanilla extract. Fold in the nuts, if desired. Coat an 8-inch square pan with nonstick cooking spray. Spread the batter evenly in the pan and bake at 325° for 23 minutes or just until the edges are firm and the center is almost set. Cool to room temperature and cut into square and serve. (Calories: 80, fat: 0.4 g)
title: Sausage Balls instructions: With sausage and cheese at room temperature, mix well with Bisquick. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes on ungreased baking sheet.
title: Flaky Pie Crust(Makes Two 9-Inch Crusts)   instructions: Place flour and salt in large bowl. Mix until blended well. Add Crisco with pastry blender. Cut Crisco into flour until size of small peas. Pour in 7-Up (1/2 cup); stir with fork. Dough should be kind of sticky. Turn onto floured board. Smooth out to small circle with hands, making sure flour stays under at all times. Roll, then roll to size of pie plate needed. Flute edges under. For baked shell, bake at 450° for 10 to 12 minutes, until golden brown. Be sure to prick all over with fork.
title: Cheese Ring instructions: Combine all ingredients except preserves and mix well. Chill. Mold into ring. (I coat a small jello ring mold with vegetable spray and press ingredients into that before chilling.) When ready to serve, unmold onto serving plate, fill middle with preserves. Can be served as a complement to a main meal or as an hors d'oeuvre with crackers.
title: Old Fashion Pound Cake instructions: Cream sugar and butter together until all sugar is dissolved. Add unbeaten eggs, one at a time, and beat thoroughly. Sift and measure flour. Add salt and sift again. Add flour to egg mixture; mix carefully. Add vanilla. Bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes (grease pan).
title: Cornflake Cookies instructions: Cream margarine with white and brown sugar until fluffy, then add well beaten eggs, vanilla and salt. Sift flour, baking powder and baking soda together. Add coconut and cornflakes (crush them a little bit). Bake at 350° on greased cookie sheets for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: No Fat-No Cholesterol-No Trouble Apple Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients and place in pie plate sprayed with vegetable spray. Bake 30 minutes at 350°. Serve with low-fat whipped topping.
title: Hot Chicken Salad instructions: Mix chicken, soup, celery, onions, water chestnuts and mayonnaise. Add 1 cup of cornflakes and mix. Pour into buttered casserole dish. Mix the rest of cornflakes with butter and spread on top. Bake at 325° for 35 minutes.
title: Vanilla Wafer Cake instructions: Crush vanilla wafers in food processor. Beat eggs and sugar. Add all ingredients. Spoon into greased tube pan. Bake at 325° for 1 1/2 hours. Cake tastes better after 2 or 3 days.
title: Souped Up Spaghetti instructions: Saute first 4 ingredients until tender. Add ground meat to chopped vegetables and brown. Add salt, pepper(s), chili powder and Tabasco. Cover and simmer 10 minutes. Add soup(s). Simmer 30 minutes. (I let it simmer longer; seems the longer it simmers, the better it is.) Serve over spaghetti (individual servings) and top with grated cheese and Parmesan cheese (optional). Serves 4 to 6. Can freeze. Can do ahead.
title: Country Ribs(Very Good)   instructions: Cut pork ribs into serving pieces. Arrange, meaty side up, in ungreased pan, 13 x 9 x 2-inch. Cover and bake in 325° oven until tender, about 2 hours; drain. Heat remaining ingredients, stirring occasionally, until jelly is dissolved. Pour over pork.
title: Cream Cheese Ball instructions: Mix cream cheese, onion, green peppers and pineapple together and shape into a ball. Cover ball with nuts. Serve with your favorite crackers.
title: Buns instructions: Mix together yeast, 1 cup warm water and 1 tablespoon sugar. Let stand for 5 minutes. Add yeast mixture to other ingredients. Add more flour until mixture is dough consistency. Let rise for 3 hours (beating down every 1/2 hour). Break into buns (roll), let rise until desired size. Bake at 350° for 15 to 30 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Gelatin Mold instructions: Mix gelatin in boil. Add boiling water and stir. Add salt and pineapple; pour into greased, buttered mold. Refrigerate.
title: No Bake Cookies instructions: Melt butter; add sugar, cocoa and milk and cook for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and add peanut butter, vanilla and oats. Stir well; work quickly. Spoon out on wax paper or aluminum foil and cool.
title: Shrimp Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients together; serve with crackers.
title: Mocha Cookies instructions: Beat sugar, margarine, vanilla and egg in a medium bowl until light and fluffy. Stir in remaining ingredients except caramel icing. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour, until chilled. Heat oven to 375°. Roll dough 1/8-inch thick on lightly floured surface. Cut into cookies. Bake on greased cookie sheet until brown.
title: Jello Mold instructions: Dissolve gelatin into liquid; add sherbet. When melted, add oranges. Pour into mold.
title: Hot Sauce instructions: Blend in blender just enough to mix. Chill and serve with chips.
title: Mom'S Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Drop onto lightly greased cookie sheet by rounded teaspoonfuls. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes. Best when chewy or soft.
title: Tortilla Soup instructions: Saute onion and meat in oil. Add the remainder of the ingredients. Bring to a boil and then simmer for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Layered Salad instructions: Layer a deep casserole dish starting with lettuce, then green onions, then celery, then water chestnuts, and finally peas. Spread dressing over top layer. Sprinkle parmesan over dressing. Garnish with bacon bits.
title: Dumbo'S Double-Thick Chocolate Malted instructions: Pour the milk into a small mixing bowl. Add 1 scoop ice cream. Beat with an eggbeater until the ice cream is mixed in. Add the rest of the ice cream and the malted milk. Beat again until mixture is foamy. Pour into a glass to serve. Serves 1.
title: Buttercream Candy instructions: Mix together in large bowl.
title: Chocolate Chip Cake instructions: Swirl oil in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Add rest of ingredients and mix well. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Kraut Slaw instructions: Mix all the chopped vegetables and vinegar; put in shallow pan. Sprinkle sugar over mixture. Let stand overnight.
title: White Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Beat butter and sugars in large mixer bowl at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. Beat in vanilla. Beat in dry ingredients. Stir in white chocolate, nuts and raisins. Drop by rounded teaspoons onto cookie sheets. Bake 8 to 10 minutes until pale golden. Cool on wire rack. Makes 6 dozen.
title: Chili Sauce instructions: Peel onions and tomatoes, seed peppers and chop all fine, add the spices and put over the fire. Boil steadily for two hours; cool, bottle and seal.
title: Sweet And Sour Chicken Wings instructions: Cut wings apart and clip ends off. Dip wings into a mixture of cornstarch, eggs and water. Place wings in a pan coated with oil over medium-high heat. Allow wings to brown. Combine remaining ingredients, mixing well. Pour this over wings. Simmer for 20 minutes.
title: Lemon Graham Cracker Pie instructions: Combine jello and water. Let cool but not set. Whip evaporated milk until thick in a large bowl. Add juice of 1 lemon. Beat in 3/4 cup of sugar. Add cooled Jell-O mix. Pour into 2 graham cracker shells. Sprinkle with graham cracker crumbs or "sprinkles." Place in refrigerator until set.
title: Bacon Wraps instructions: Preheat oven to 225°. Take each half slice of bacon and lay flat. Lay one cracker on top in center of bacon so that bacon can wrap around cracker. Pour Parmesan cheese in center on cracker. Wrap bacon around cheese and cracker carefully. Lay cracker on ungreased cookie sheet, ends of bacon down. Bake for 2 hours.
title: Pineapple Sheet Pie instructions: Mix flour, sugar, salt, egg and oleo with mixer until well blended. Pat in cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes.
title: Grandma'S Moist Chocolate Cake And Frosting instructions: Sift dry ingredients together. Add milk, oil, eggs and vanilla. Beat well. Add coffee. Blend completely. Batter will be thin. Bake at 325° in two 9-inch greased and floured pans for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Hot Spiced Cider instructions: Tie allspice, cinnamon and cloves in cheesecloth bag. Heat cider and sugar. Add spice bag and simmer for 10 minutes. Serve hot in mugs with a dash of nutmeg.
title: Fat-Free Cajun French Fries instructions: Slice washed potatoes. Place in bowl. Mix in 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning. Stir in unbeaten egg whites, coating the potatoes. Place mixture in sprayed pan(s) and bake at 350°. Turn potatoes with a spatula every 15 minutes until done. This gives them a crunchy, browned exterior. Cooking time is 45 to 60 minutes.
title: Cranberry Relish instructions: Mix first 4 ingredients; let stand overnight. Add lemon jello, dissolved in hot water. Add cold water, nuts, celery and plain gelatin dissolved in 1/4 cup cold water and 1/2 cup hot water.
title: Fudge Surprise instructions: Sift confectioners sugar and cocoa into a very large bowl; stir in pecans. Stirring frequently, melt cheese in the top of a large double boiler over simmering water. Add butter to melted cheese, stirring until butter melts; stir in vanilla. Add melted cheese mixture to sugar mixture. Stir until well blended. Press into a 10 1/2x15 1/2 jellyroll pan. Cover and chill until firm. Cut into 1 inch squares. Store in an airtight container in a cool place. Yield: about 12 1/2 dozen pieces.
title: Chicken Vegetable Casserole instructions: Spread Rice-A-Roni in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Place chicken on rice. Put vegetables on chicken. Heat soup, milk and margarine until margarine is melted. Pour soup mixture over everything. Sprinkle cheese on top. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Remove foil. Sprinkle cornflakes over top of dish and put back in oven, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Enjoy!
title: Salmon Noodle Romanoff instructions: Prepare noodles. Add to salmon, mushrooms, cottage cheese, onions and dill weed. Spoon into 1 1/2-quart buttered casserole. Top with cheese. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes. Serves 4.
title: Blueberry Muffins instructions: In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir in blueberries. Add milk, eggs and butter; mix just until dry ingredients are moistened. The batter will be lumpy. Do not overbeat. Spoon batter into 12 (2 1/2-inch) greased muffin cups. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes or until tops spring back when lightly touched. Serve warm.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Melt butter in frying pan. Stir in bread crumbs, parsley flakes and onion until moist. In cookie sheet, place button of mushroom. Take the stem off. Cut it in small pieces. Place stem pieces in frying pan with bread mixture. Cook over low heat until they turn tan. Place in button of mushroom 1 teaspoon of this filling. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Quick Quiche instructions: In bowl, beat together eggs, onion, salt, milk and flour. Pour into unbaked pie crusts. Put Cheddar and Mozzarella cheese over top. Cover with sliced tomatoes, garlic powder and Parmesan cheese. Bake at 450° for 15 minutes and then at 325° for 30 minutes. Let stand 20 minutes and then cut.
title: Championship Chocolate Chip Bars instructions: Heat oven to 350°. In a medium bowl, combine flour and sugar. Cut in margarine until crumbly. Stir in 1/2 cup chips. Press firmly on bottom of a 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Bake 15 minutes.
title: Crab Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients and refrigerate. Serve with crackers.
title: Corn-Cheese Delight instructions: Combine corn, 1 cup of water, salt and pepper in stove top casserole. Cook for 20 minutes. Add sugar, margarine and milk. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Arrange cheese on top. Heat until cheese melts. Yields 6 servings.
title: Salmon Loaf instructions: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients. Spray a loaf pan with Pam. Pour mixture into pan. Bake at 300°, uncovered, for 1 hour or until puffed and lightly browned. Serves 4. Each serving is equal to 3 1/2 protein, 1 fat, 1 bread and 1/4 milk.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Boil potatoes and cool. Cut into small squares. Add melted margarine, sour cream and bacon. Season to taste. You may add cheese in casserole and on top.
title: Fudgie Brownies instructions: Melt butter in medium saucepan. Combine sugar and cocoa. Add to butter. Blend in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla. Stir in flour and nuts. Spread in greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Be careful not to overbake. Cool and cut into 16 squares. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar for an extra touch.
title: Strawberry Cooler instructions: Heat 1 cup water. Add sugar, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Transfer to blender and add rest of ingredients, blending until ice cubes are crushed. Serve immediately.
title: Chicken Delight instructions: Place chicken in greased casserole. Season with salt and pepper. Place slice of cheese on each breast. Toss stuffing with melted butter. Pat on top of chicken. Pour diluted soup over dressing. Cover and bake 1 hour at 325°.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Cook zucchini, onion, bell pepper, tomatoes, salt and pepper in water until tender. Drain. Add slices of cheese and oleo. Put into casserole dish. Top with croutons and grated cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Asparagus Casserole instructions: Drain asparagus. Alternate layers of asparagus, grated onion and grated cheese. Pour on a layer of soup. Sprinkle with onion. Place in oven at 350° until bubbly. Remove and place buttered bread crumbs on top and brown while dressing.
title: Cinnamon Twists instructions: Bring sour cream to a boil and remove from heat. Stir in, until well blended, the shortening, sugar, soda and salt. Cool to lukewarm. Add egg and yeast. Stir until yeast is dissolved. Mix in the flour with spoon.
title: Oatmeal Cookie Candy instructions: Boil together sugar, milk, butter and salt for 1 minute. Remove from heat and add peanut butter and vanilla. Stir until smooth. Add oatmeal and mix together. Drop by tablespoon onto waxed paper.
title: Three Bean Casserole instructions: Scramble the beef and onion together. Add other ingredients and bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Scripture Cake instructions: Follow Solomon's advice for making good boys and you will have a good cake (Proverbs 23:14 - beat well). Cream butter, sugar and honey until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift flour. Measure and sift 4 1/2 cups together with dry ingredients. Cut raisins, figs and almonds; set aside after rolling in flour. Add dry ingredients alternately with milk to creamed mixture. Blend and beat well. Fold in fruit and nuts. (Add 1 teaspoon vanilla, if desired.) Turn batter into greased tube pan or rectangular pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 35 to 40 minutes. Cool slightly and remove from pan.
title: German Chocolate Upside-Down Cake instructions: Spread pecans and coconut on bottom of sheet cake pan. Mix cake mix as directed on box. Pour over coconut and pecans. Mix cream cheese, butter and powdered sugar together. Pour mixture over cake mix. Don't spread all the way to the edge. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Pistachio Salad instructions: Drain fruit and put in large mixing bowl. Add pistachio pudding mix. Gradually add Cool Whip. Add flaked coconut and marshmallows. Mix well. Put in large dish and chill.
title: Stuffed Hot Dogs instructions: Mash 4 to 5 cooked potatoes with liquid from cooking. Add butter or margarine, salt, pepper and diced onion to suit taste. Slit 10 hot dogs from end to end leaving each end uncut. Stuff dogs with mashed potatoes and sprinkle grated cheese on top. Put under broiler for about 5 minutes. Watch closely.
title: Tortilla Soup instructions: Saute onions, green peppers and garlic in oil in a large Dutch oven until tender. Add the remaining ingredients; bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat and simmer 1 hour.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Combine dry ingredients and set aside. Cream sugar, eggs and oil. Add pumpkin and beat until smooth. Add dry ingredients alternately with milk. Add nuts. Bake in 3 buttered 9 x 5-inch loaf pans for 1 hour at 350° or until done.
title: White Chip Orange Dream Cookies instructions: Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in small bowl.
title: Italian Style Zucchini instructions: Brown bacon. Remove from pan, drain off grease and set aside. (Leave small amount of grease in pan.) Put remaining ingredients into pan. Cover and stir often over medium heat. Takes about 1 hour. Add bacon last 15 minutes.
title: Cranapple Relish instructions: Quarter and seed orange and apples; drain. Coarsely grind cranberries, oranges and apples in a food grinder or blender. Add sugar, pineapple and pecans. Mix well. Refrigerate overnight. Yields 2 quarts. Enjoy your turkey.
title: Chicken Supreme instructions: Wrap bacon around chicken breast. Spread dried beef in bottom of casserole dish. Place chicken on top of beef.	Mix mushroom soup and sour cream. Pour over chicken and beef. Bake 3 hours in a 275° oven. Serve on rice.
title: Shrimp With Rice instructions: In Dutch oven, heat butter; add onion, mushrooms, green pepper, rice, nutmeg, salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until rice is brown. Add wine and simmer 5 minutes. Add hot water, parsley, thyme and bay leaf; cover and cook 10 minutes, depending on size of shrimp. Remove bay leaf and serve immediately.
title: Date Bars instructions: Mix together and bake 12 to 15 minutes at 325°.
title: New Classic Potato Salad instructions: Cook potatoes according to package directions. Drain in colander under cool running water, 30 seconds. Set aside.
title: Mincemeat Cake instructions: Combine all ingredients. Mix well. Bake at 350° for 60 to 65 minutes in a tube pan that has been greased and floured.
title: Bourbon Balls instructions: Mix first five ingredients well. Add syrup and bourbon. Mix well. Roll into one-inch balls and roll in powdered sugar. Keep refrigerated for storage.
title: Curried Chicken Rice Salad instructions: Mix vinegar, oil and curry powder together as a dressing. Toss in onion and rice. Refrigerate overnight or 24 hours. To rice mixture, add all other ingredients and mix well. Chill at least 1 hour. Serves 5 to 6.
title: Easy Sausage Casserole instructions: Brown sausage and cut into 1/2-inch slices. Saute pepper and onions in 1 teaspoon margarine until soft. Cook Minute rice. Mix cut up sausage, onion and peppers, rice, Great Northern beans and salsa in casserole dish and heat on stove until bubbly. Serve with cornbread for an easy meal that serves 6 to 8 easily.
title: Genoese Pesto instructions: Wash the basil leaves; make sure they are well dried. Put basil in food processor and grind (may have to add it bit by bit). Next, add rest of the ingredients. Process until it looks like creamed spinach (do not puree). Serve over pasta.
title: Cabbage Slaw(Low Calorie)   instructions: Mix all ingredients well. Makes 6 servings, 33 calories per 1 cup serving.
title: Fresh Strawberry Cake instructions: Bake cake in two layers according to directions on box. Prick holes in layers. Mix jello according to directions on box and spoon jello over cake layers until moist. Layer Cool Whip between layers and ice entire cake with Cool Whip.
title: Green Beans And Tomatoes instructions: Drain beans and put into Pyrex bowl. Pour tomatoes over. Add pepper. Cook at 350° for approximately 30 minutes or microwave until well heated. May add chopped onion, bacon, etc. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Cauliflower With Anchovy Sauce instructions: Trim the cauliflower, removing tough stems. Cook it in boiling salted water until crisp-tender. The water must barely touch the tips so that they do not break; drain. Transfer to a serving dish and keep warm.
title: Rockefeller Coffee Cake instructions: Grease and flour 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix cake according to directions on box. In separate bowl, put remaining ingredients and cut with a pastry cutter or fork. Sprinkle over top of cake. Nuts are optional. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Corn Chowder instructions: Cook bacon. Remove bacon from heat and add chopped onion. Brown and add cooked cubed potatoes. Add milk and corn; season. Return to heat and cook until hot all the way through.
title: Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Beat together shortening, sugar, egg, water and vanilla until creamy. Combine remaining ingredients. Add to creamy mixture and mix well. Drop by teaspoon onto greased cookie sheet. Bake in 350° oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Makes 5 dozen cookies.
title: Grandma Mac'S Raisin Bran Muffins instructions: Mix oil, sugar, eggs and Raisin Bran cereal in a very large bowl. Sift flour, salt and baking soda alternately with buttermilk. Bake at 400° for 25	minutes in greased muffin tin. Batter keeps 4 to 6 weeks in refrigerator.
title: Teriyaki Chicken Wings instructions: Mix soy sauce, garlic, ginger, brown sugar, m.s.g. and pepper in large bowl with tight seal. Add chicken wings; refrigerate for 12 to 16 hours. Turn bowl upside-down after 6 hours. After 12 hours, place chicken onto a sheet pan and place in oven at 375° for 45 minutes.
title: Spareribs And Sauerkraut instructions: Brown ribs in shortening; add onion, salt, pepper and water. Cover and simmer for 1 hour over low heat. Add sauerkraut; cover and cook for 20 minutes.
title: Heavenly Hash Salad instructions: Drain well, reserving syrup from fruit cocktail and pineapple. Combine in saucepan the cornstarch and 1/4 cup sugar. Mix well. Combine and add the egg yolks and 1 cup reserved syrup. Blend well. Cover over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened. Cool thoroughly. Fold in Cool Whip, chopped nuts, marshmallows, pineapple, fruit cocktail and mandarin oranges. Cover and chill several hours or overnight.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Mix together and place in uncooked pie crust. Bake for 10 minutes at 425°; then bake 25 minutes at 350° or until done.
title: Tangy Corn Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients; mix well. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours, tossing occasionally. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Mix flour and milk together first and make smooth paste like. Then put all ingredients together into a (greased) large casserole. Mix and blend well. Bake at 350° for 1 hour and 15 minutes, stirring once after about 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Heavenly Hamburger Dish instructions: Preheat electric frypan to 325°. Melt shortening in pan. Add meat and brown. Add onion, salt and pepper. Place cheese slices over entire meat surface. Add mushrooms, noodles, tomatoes and water. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook 30 minutes. Serves 6. (Easy and good.)
title: Ambrosia instructions: Cut peel and white pith from oranges. Slice into circles. Combine oranges, pineapple and coconut in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Just before serving, slice banana and add to fruit. Toss all together and serve.
title: Peachy Keen Nog instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender container. Cover. Blend at medium speed until smooth, about 15 seconds. Serve immediately. Makes 2 servings.
title: Johnnycake instructions: Mix ingredients. Grease and flour pan. Bake at 450 for 20 minutes.
title: Slaw instructions: Combine vinegar, sugar, water, celery seed, dry mustard and salt; bring to a boil. Cool and add cooking oil. Heat to boiling again. Grate cabbage finely, slice onions and layer in bowl. Pour hot mixture over cabbage and onions. Cover and refrigerate. This may be made the day before serving.
title: Cheese Cake instructions: Spread on top. Bake 5 minutes at 450°.
title: Baking Powder Biscuits instructions: With fork, stir together the baking mix and water to form a soft dough. Turn out dough onto floured surface; knead 10 times. Roll out dough to 3/4-inch thickness. Cut with 2-inch round cutter. Place 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet. Bake in a 400° oven for 12 to 14 minutes or until golden brown. Makes 12 biscuits.
title: Colonial Manor French Dressing instructions: Combine vinegar and onions in blender; add chili sauce and remaining ingredients and blend well. Store in refrigerator.
title: Mandarin Orange Cake instructions: Mix cake mix, oil, eggs, and juice slightly, then add orange pieces and stir. Bake at 325° for 15 minutes. Use 4 (8 inch) round layer pans.
title: Chicken Curry instructions: Rub chicken breasts with curry powder and put in baking dish. Pour on orange juice sweetened with a little honey. Bake until done in very slow oven (or adjust for microwave). Thicken juices with cornstarch. Serve with brown or white rice. (Slow oven is 300° and would take about 1 1/2 hours, depending on the number of chicken breasts.)
title: Lasagna instructions: Cook sauce over low heat for 1 hour.
title: Meat Loaf instructions: Mix all ingredients except the ketchup. Put mixture in a large iron skillet. Spoon ketchup over top. Bake, uncovered, in a 350° oven for 1 hour and 15 minutes.
title: Hamburger Stroganoff instructions: In a large skillet, melt butter or margarine and brown onion; add ground meat and cook until meat is brown and onion is tender. Stir in flour, salt, garlic, pepper and mushrooms. Cook over low heat for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in soup and heat until bubbly, stirring constantly. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Stir in sour cream and heat through. Ladle over Poppy Noodles; garnish with fresh chopped chives.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: In a pan of water (and bouillon, if desired), cook chicken breasts until tender. Let cool and cut into bite-sized pieces. Save broth. Melt butter and pour over stuffing mix and stir well. Pour 1/2 stuffing mixture in a greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Spread chicken pieces over stuffing. Sprinkle the rest of the stuffing mixture over the chicken.
title: Tomato Dip instructions: Combine cream cheese and sour cream until smooth. Add remaining ingredients. Chill until served.
title: Golden Catfish Fillets instructions: In a shallow bowl, beat the egg white until foamy, add milk and mix well. In another bowl combine cornmeal, salt, garlic powder, cayenne pepper and pepper. Dip fillets in milk mixture, then coat with cornmeal mixture. Heat 1/4 in of oil in large skillet. Fry over medium high heat for 3 or 4 minutes per side until golden brown. Serve with french fries and lemon wedges.
title: Dilled Mushrooms instructions: Lightly saute mushrooms in butter. Do not brown. Season with salt and pepper to taste and drain. Mix with remaining ingredients and marinate overnight or longer in refrigerator. Serve cold. Makes 6 servings.
title: Chocolate Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: Cream Crisco and margarine with sugar. Add remaining ingredients. Blend well. Pour into greased tube pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 10 minutes.
title: 7 Up Cake instructions: Cream together ingredients. Pour into greased bundt pan. Bake at 325° for 1 to 1 1/2 hr.
title: Ice Cream instructions: Beat eggs. Add sugar and vanilla. Fill container with whole milk. Makes 1 gallon.
title: Hermits instructions: Melt margarine, add sugar and eggs. Beat well. Add baking soda, dissolved in the milk and add sifted (not necessary with presifted flour) dry ingredients, nuts and raisins. Spread in large greased cookie pan. Sprinkle sugar over top. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes.
title: Tuna Pasta Salad instructions: Cook pasta in boiling water 10 to 12 minutes to taste. Drain and rinse with cold water. In a large bowl, combine yogurt, honey, lemon juice, vinegar, dill, celery seed, paprika and white pepper. Stir in pasta, tuna, peas, celery and red pepper. Mix gently, but thoroughly, until evenly coated with dressing. Sprinkle green onion on top. Serve at room temperature. If salad needs to be held for more than 2 hours, cover and refrigerate. If chilled, let sit at room temperature a minimum of 15 minutes before serving. Yields 4 servings.
title: Frozen Cucumber instructions: Combine cucumbers, onion and salt and refrigerate 2 hours. Dissolve sugar and vinegar and set aside. Drain cucumbers and rinse salt off. Add sugar and vinegar mixture. Stir, pack and freeze. A bit of summer heaven in winter!
title: Pork Roast Stuffed With Sauerkraut instructions: Remove bone from pork shoulder. Drain sauerkraut and stuff in the shoulder. Roll shoulder in flour with various seasonings to taste. Close opening with sewing or skewers. Place roast in oven at 450°, uncovered, in a greased pan. Reduce heat as it begins to brown to 325° and bake about 40 minutes per pound or until tender.
title: Cauliflower And Broccoli Souflettes instructions: Break the cauliflower and broccoli into small flowerets and steam until tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Melt margarine; remove from heat. Gradually add flour. Stir to make a roux and add milk gradually, blending well until smooth. Return pan to heat and stir until sauce thickens and comes to a boil. Cool a little and add egg yolk and cheese. Stir well and add nutmeg. Whip the egg white until stiff and fold carefully into sauce. Place vegetables into 6 small greased ramekin dishes and season. Divide the sauce evenly between dishes and bake immediately in preheated 375° oven for 35 minutes until puffed and golden. Serve at once.
title: Jambalaya instructions: Saute ham lightly in margarine or butter about 5 minutes. Add the onion, green pepper and garlic. Cook 5 minutes; stir occasionally. Stir in tomatoes, water, salt, thyme and hot sauce. Bring to a boil and stir in the rice. Cover, lower heat and simmer about 30 minutes or until rice is done. Makes 6 servings.
title: Baked Apples instructions: Scoop out the apple cores. Mix cinnamon and sweetener and put in the apples. Bake in small baking dish with 1/2 cup water in microwave for 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Add raisins and serve. Has 96 calories each, 0 fat grams, 1 fruit exchange.
title: One Dish Chicken Dinner instructions: Wash potatoes, but do not peel. Cut in half and place, cut side up, in a 9 x 13-inch pan sprayed with vegetable cooking spray. Cut carrots in half and scatter among potatoes. Pour broth over vegetables. Place chicken on top. Sprinkle with salt and coarsely ground black pepper. Cover with foil. Bake at 325° for 60 minutes. Add green beans to dish. Bake 15 minutes or until beans are heated through. Makes 4 servings. Contains 377 calories, 4 g fat and 66 mg cholesterol.
title: Baked Cabbage instructions: Tear up cabbage and place in greased casserole. Mix next 5 ingredients and pour over cabbage. Cover with bacon slices (bacon can be omitted). Bake covered at 350° for 50 minutes. Uncover and bake for 20 minutes.
title: Breakfast Casserole instructions: In a 9 x 12-inch casserole dish, layer the sausage, croutons, cheese and mushrooms. Mix the milk, eggs, soup and mustard in a bowl and beat together until will blended. Pour milk mixture over layers in casserole and refrigerate overnight or up to 24 hours. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Let stand 15 minutes before serving. Serves 10 to 12.
title: Sooo Easy-Apple Cake instructions: Mix flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl break eggs over apples; add sugar, oil, vanilla and nuts. Mix well. Add flour mixture slowly to apple mixture. Pour into greased and floured pan (9 x 13-inches). Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Pickled Beets And Eggs instructions: Boil all ingredients, except eggs and beets in a saucepan. Add the beets and simmer for several minutes. Cool to just warm and add shelled, boiled eggs. When cool, keep in refrigerator.
title: Everyday Meat Loaf instructions: Bake in a 375° oven for 45 minutes. Serves 8.
title: 30 Minute Chocolate Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Grease 9 x 12-inch pan. Bring to boil in saucepan the margarine, cocoa and water. Remove from heat and pour over flour and sugar. Mix well. Add rest of ingredients and mix well. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes until set. Pour topping on while still hot.
title: Salsa Fresca instructions: Mix all ingredients together and store in refrigerator for 30 minutes before serving to allow flavors to blend. Yields 1 pint. Keeps for a couple of days in the refrigerator, but not much longer.
title: My Sisters Banana Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 325.
title: Macaroni Cheddar Salad instructions: Combine first 8 ingredients in salad bowl until smooth. Add remaining; mix thoroughly. Chill.
title: Veggie Pizza instructions: Press rolls in a 9 x 13-inch or 10 x 13-inch pan. Patch and form to pan with fingers. Bake according to package.
title: Pumpkin Pie Crunch(Even Those Who Don'T Like Pumpkin Pie Like This!)   instructions: Grease 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Combine everything but cake mix, nuts and margarine. Pour into baking dish. Sprinkle cake mix on top. Add nuts and drizzle with melted margarine. Bake at 350° for 50 to 55 minutes or until golden brown. Serve with whipped topping. Serves 16 to 20.
title: Sweet Potato Cake instructions: Cream butter. Pour in sugar slowly. Beat well. Beat in eggs one at a time. Add potatoes and vanilla. Sift flour and spices. Fold into batter. Fold	in nuts and coconut. Pour in large tube pan and bake 1 hour at 325° to 350°.
title: Arkansas Cheese Ball instructions: Let cheese soften; work together. Mix in garlic powder, mustard and horseradish. Makes 4 balls/logs. Roll in nuts, paprika and chili powder. Refrigerate. (Also freezes well.)
title: Apple Nut Ring instructions: Separate biscuits into 20 pieces. Combine sugar and cinnamon. Dip biscuits into melted butter; then roll in sugar mixture. Arrange biscuits in a single layer in a deep dish baker. Peel, core and slice apples using an apple peeler, corer or slicer. Cut apple slices in half. Place an apple slice between each biscuit and around outer edge of deep dish baker. Mix nuts and raisins with remaining sugar mixture and sprinkle over top. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Chicken Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients except lettuce. Mix thoroughly. Serve over lettuce, if desired. Makes 6 servings.
title: London Broil instructions: Score both sides of the flank steak. Mix all of the ingredients together. Place the flank steak in a flat pan. Pour the mixture over the meat. Let it marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 1/2 hours. Broil about 4 inches from heat about 10 minutes on each side. Cut diagonally across the grain in very thin slices. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Delicious Pea And Bean Soup instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large soup kettle and bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for approximately 3 hours. Enjoy!!
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Mix corn (3/4 drained), cream-style corn, sour cream, corn bread mix, egg and milk together. After mixing together put in a 9 x 13-inch pan and bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Easy Hamburger Stroganoff instructions: Cook ground beef and onion until beef is brown. Stir in flour, salt, garlic salt, pepper and mushrooms. Cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir soup into meat mixture. Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve over noodles. Makes 4 servings.
title: Mock Pecan Or Pinto Bean Pie instructions: Mix eggs, sugar, margarine and vanilla with mixer. Add coconut and set aside. Put beans in blender (or mash with fork); you may want to add up to 1/4 cup of juice. Add beans to first mixture; pour into pie shell. Bake for 55 minutes at 350°.
title: Chocolate Cake instructions: Cream sugar and shortening. Add eggs, one at a time, and blend. Add coffee. Then add dry ingredients. Lastly add hot water. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Mix corn and finely crushed saltine crackers. Stir in butter, salt and pepper to taste. Place mixture in a slightly greased casserole dish and cover. Bake at 375° for about 30 to 40 minutes, or until done. (Goes well with meat loaf and scalloped potatoes for a complete dinner.)
title: One Punch Pineapple Punch instructions: In a large punch bowl, combine the pineapple juice and apricot nectar. Just before serving, add the club soda and sherbet. Makes 25 to 30 servings.
title: Hot Chicken Salad instructions: Combine all, except chips. Put into greased casserole. Top with crushed chips and bake in 400° oven about 20 minutes or until bubbly.
title: 8 Pound Golden Fruit Cake instructions: Cut cherries into halves. Slice rest of fruit. Finely chop pecans. Cream shortening, adding sugar gradually. Cream well. Beat eggs until very light. Add and beat well. Sift flour once before measuring, then sift flour, baking powder, salt and cinnamon together. Dredge fruit and nuts with 1/2 this mixture. Add remainder to creamed mixture alternately with milk. Add vanilla. Stir into the fruit and nut mix well. Line greased pans with heavy paper. Fill cake pans and bake at 300°. Keep pans covered first half of baking. Cook 2 to 3 hours. Yum, yum.
title: White Clam Sauce instructions: Heat oil in pan; chop garlic and cook in olive oil until golden brown. Add clam juice and pepper; let simmer very slowly. Add clams. A few minutes before serving, add parsley. Pour over linguine and serve.
title: Jello Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in 2 cups of hot water. Add strawberries and stir until thawed. Add bananas, pineapple and nuts. Pour 1/2 of the mixture into dish. Let set.
title: Aunt Mamie'S Tomato Relish(Good To Put On Vegetables)   instructions: In a cloth, put 2 heaping teaspoons of mustard (ground), cinnamon and ginger. Tie up cloth. Scald tomatoes and peel. Cut up and mix all ingredients. Cook until thick (use rubber gloves when cutting up hot peppers). Cook about 3 hours until thick. Makes about 5 or 6 pints.
title: Microwave Caramels instructions: Combine butter, sugars and syrup in 3-quart glass casserole. Microwave 5 minutes or until butter is melted. Stir to dissolve sugar. Gradually blend in sweetened condensed milk. Microwave, uncovered, 13 to 17 minutes (240°), stirring 4 to 5 times. Check temperature during last few minutes (between soft and hard ball stage). Stir in vanilla and nuts. Pour into foil-lined buttered (butter foil well) 8 x 8-inch or 7 x 10-inch pan. Cool completely. Turn out on board. Cut squares; wrap in wax paper.
title: Cherry Fudge Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350° and grease a 12 x 10 x 1-inch cookie sheet. In large bowl, mix ingredients with a spoon. Pour onto the pan and cook 20 to 30 minutes. (Don't overcook. Use the clean toothpick test.) Frost the cake when it is cooled with chocolate fudge frosting. Cut into squares.
title: French-Style Beans instructions: Combine all ingredients and marinate all day in the refrigerator. Cook several slices of onion; crumble and add to beans. Cook in the oven at 325° for 20 minutes.
title: Blueberry Muffins instructions: Mix dry ingredients together and add egg, milk and oil. Stir in blueberries. Spoon batter into muffin tins. Bake at 375° for 15 to 20 minutes. These muffins come out with a great crunchy top.
title: Banana Pudding instructions: Layer bottom of pan with vanilla wafers; put slice of banana on each wafer. Mix Eagle Brand milk and water; add pudding and beat with fork until lumps are gone. Add sour cream; mix until well blended. Add Cool Whip. Cover layer of wafers and bananas with 1/2 of pudding. Add another layer of wafers and bananas; cover with other half of pudding. Crumble remaining wafers on top.
title: Easy Oven-Fried Chicken instructions: Heat oven to 425°. Melt shortening in 13 x 9 1/2-inch pan. Mix dry ingredients in paper or plastic bag. Add chicken and shake to coat. Place skin-side down in pan and bake 20 minutes. Turn and bake another 20 minutes or until tender. For barbecued oven chicken, omit the dry coating and baste with any barbecue sauce. Continue basting every 15 or 20 minutes. Can use little or no shortening.
title: Heavenly Hash instructions: Melt chocolate chips with water and Karo on low heat. Add vanilla, nuts and marshmallows. Stir until marshmallows are coated but not melted. Pour into buttered layer cake pan. Put in freezer until set. Cut into pieces. Store in refrigerator.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Cook chicken. Remove from bone. Melt 1 stick butter with 1 chopped onion. Add stuffing mix and 2 cups chicken broth; mix well. Set aside.
title: German Potato Salad instructions: Slice potatoes in casserole or bowl. Heat the oil in bacon pan. Add vinegar, lemon juice, onion and salt. Pour over potatoes. Sprinkle on parsley, bacon and pepper. Heat until warm. Toss and serve. Yields 8 to 10 servings.
title: Pumpkin Whirlies instructions: Mix and spread onto a sprayed cookie sheet (you can sprinkle with chopped walnuts if you want); bake for 15 minutes at 375°. When done, lay on a powdered sugar covered linen towel or newspaper; roll into a log and let cool about an hour. When cool, spread with the following filling and roll into a log without the towel or newspaper. Refrigerate and then slice.
title: T-Cakes White Barbecue Sauce instructions: Mix ingredients until smooth. Great on chicken.
title: Pepper, Tomato And Onion Stew instructions: Cut tomatoes in half; scoop out pulp and reserve for use in other recipes. Sprinkle insides of tomatoes with 1 teaspoon salt. Place tomato shells upside down on paper towels to drain. Let stand for 30 minutes. Chop and set aside. Combine olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium heat; add green peppers, red peppers, onions and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, until onions are translucent. Add reserved tomatoes and basil. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook for 10 minutes. Add remaining salt and pepper. Increase heat to high and cook, uncovered, until most of the liquid has evaporated, stirring frequently.
title: Grandma'S Cherry Salad instructions: Drain pineapple very well, then add the rest of the ingredients in order. Mix very well and refrigerate until ready to use, at least 3 hours. Delicious with poultry or serve as a dessert salad.
title: Shoo-Fly instructions: Mix flour, brown sugar and butter to crumbs. Keep 1 cup crumbs aside. Add boiling water, molasses, eggs, hot water and baking soda. Mix all together with mixer. Sprinkle with crumbs. Bake 35 to 40 minutes at 350°. Makes two 9-inch pies.
title: The Early'S 3-Layer Squash Casserole instructions: Will need a large square deep dish.
title: Hamburger Stroganoff instructions: Brown meat and drain off fat. Add flour, salt and sauteed mushrooms. Cook 5 minutes. Add soup and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes. Stir in sour cream. Heat through. Sprinkle with parsley. Serve with Chinese noodles or rice.
title: Chicken Casserole 2 instructions: Combine first nine ingredients. Stir well. Put in two quart casserole. Combine butter and bread crumbs an put on top. Cover and refrigerate overnight (good, but not necessary). Bake at 350 degrees for 40 to 45 minutes.
title: Broccoli Cheese Bake instructions: Combine all except Parmesan cheese in a casserole dish. Top with Parmesan cheese and bake at 350° until brown and bubbly.
title: Mostaccioli instructions: Cook noodles. Brown meat with pepper and garlic. Stir everything together, except Mozzarella. Put into a 9 x 13-inch dish and cover. Bake at 375° for 20 to 25 minutes. Then put on Mozzarella and bake, uncovered, for another 20 minutes.
title: Funnel Cake instructions: Beat egg and milk. Blend dry ingredients and add to egg and milk, beating constantly, until smooth. Hold finger over a 3/8 or 1/2-inch funnel hole and fill funnel with batter. Have oil heated to 375°. Release finger and drop batter in a circular motion, starting in center to form a spiral. Repeat with more dough, forming more cakes, until pan is crowded. Fry until puffy and golden brown. Remove from oil with slotted spoon and drain on paper towel. Cool slightly and dust with powdered sugar. Makes about 24.
title: Pink Punch instructions: Mix frozen juices according to directions. Add other ingredients and stir until dissolved. Stir into 2 quarts of cold water. Chill. When ready to serve, add 1 bottle ginger ale. Makes 1 gallon.
title: Hot Apple Cider instructions: Pour apple cider into basket of a 30-cup coffee pot. Add remaining ingredients, except cinnamon sticks and orange wedges. Perk. Serve with cinnamon sticks and orange wedges.
title: Hobo Stew instructions: Brown ground beef and drain. Place in large pot with all remaining ingredients. Cook over medium heat, 45 minutes, stirring periodically. Reduce heat sooner if necessary. If desire to simmer longer, add more water.
title: Bean Soup instructions: Mix all together and store 2 cups of mixture in individual Ziploc bags.
title: Sugar Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cream butter, shortening and both sugars. Add eggs; beat well. Add flour, sifted with cream of tartar and soda. Add vanilla. Roll into small balls. Roll each ball in granulated sugar and place on lightly greased cookie sheet. Flatten with a glass that has been dipped in sugar. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned.
title: Strawberry Cream Cheese Cookies instructions: Mix first four ingredients with a fork. On floured surface, roll out dough to about 1/4-inch thick. Using a cookie cutter, punch out 2-inch rounds of dough. Place on ungreased cookie sheets. Top each round with approximately 1/4 teaspoon strawberry preserves. Bake at 375° for 12 minutes.
title: Chocolate Silk Pie instructions: Cream butter; gradually add sugar, beating at medium speed until well blended. Stir in chocolate and vanilla. Add 1 egg and beat for 4 minutes. Add remaining egg and beat for 5 minutes. Spoon mixture into graham cracker crust. Chill at least 8 hours. Serve with whipped cream on top.
title: Old-Fashion Blackberry Cobbler instructions: Cream 1 cup sugar and margarine together. Add flour and milk. Mix with mixer. Spoon mixture gently into 12 x 10-inch greased baking dish. Add berries on top of crust mixture. Sprinkle remaining cup of sugar over berries. Add the boiling water and bake at 350° for 1 hour or until well browned.
title: Antipasto Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients. Drizzle with vinegar and oil over the salad. Toss and season with salt and pepper to your taste.
title: Fresh Coconut Cake instructions: Cream butter; add sugar gradually, continuing to cream well. Combine flour and baking powder. Sift together and add to creamed mixture alternately with milk. Beat egg whites until stiff but not dry. Fold into creamed mixture. Add flavoring. Bake in 3 (9-inch) pans which have been greased and floured or lined with wax paper. The oven should be 350° oven for 30 to 35 minutes. Makes 3 (9-inch) layers.
title: Chicken Enchilada Casserole instructions: Bake the chicken ahead of time so skin and bones can be removed. Cut chicken into cubes. Cut about 7 tortillas into strips. Make gravy of the first 6 ingredients.
title: Chicken And Dressing Casserole instructions: Combine Stove Top seasoning packet, both soups, salt, pepper and melted oleo. Stir in chicken. Then add Stove Top bread crumbs; stir until well mixed, adding enough chicken broth to moisten Stove Top. You want the mixture a little thin because it will dry out some as it bakes. Pour into a casserole dish; bake at 375° for 45 minutes.
title: Bean Soup instructions: Prepare beans as directed. Do not add the seasoning pack that is included. Add listed seasonings to taste along with ham bone and cubed ham. Serve with cornbread.
title: Grandmaw'S Brownies instructions: Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, cocoa and powdered sugar. Add at once the eggs, shortening, eggs, tap water, vanilla and pecans. Beat 1 minute.
title: Super Sloppy Joes instructions: In a Dutch oven, over medium heat, cook beef, onion, celery, and green pepper until meat is no longer pink, and the vegetables are tender. Drain. Add the next nine ingredients. Mix well. Simmer uncovered for 35 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Spoon 1/2 cup meat mixture onto each bun. Serves 8-10.
title: Oven Baked Barbecue Chicken instructions: To prepare barbecue sauce, mix all ingredients except chicken together in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil for 5 minutes. Put chicken in a foil-lined pan and pour barbecue sauce over chicken evenly. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Cherry Cheese Cake instructions: Crush vanilla wafers. Melt butter and add to cookie crumbs. Mix until moist. Then press mixture into a 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 5 minutes.
title: Bessie'S Ritz Cracker Pie instructions: Combine whipped cream and powdered sugar. Spread over crust when cooled. Let set 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, top with sweetened fresh fruit.
title: Apple Pastry instructions: Combine butter, margarine, cream cheese and flour. Knead until well blended. Form into ball, cover with plastic and place in refrigerator for at least 2 hours.
title: Kugel instructions: Cook noodles according to package directions. Mix the other ingredients in a large bowl. Add cooked noodles. Grease a rectangular baking dish; heat slightly. Pour ingredients into baking dish. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Bake until golden at 375°.
title: Strawberry Pretzel Salad instructions: Mix 2 1/2 cups boiling water with jello. Add frozen strawberries.
title: Fruit Pie instructions: Grease sides of 9 x 13-inch cake pan. Put in fruit. Pour in water. Mix sugar and flour; sprinkle evenly over fruit. Sprinkle dry cake mix over this. Add margarine patties over cake mix. Sprinkle chopped nuts over the top. Bake in 350° oven for 30 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Candied Sweet Potatoes instructions: In large, heavy saucepan or Dutch oven, combine sugar with corn syrup, butter and salt. Bring to boiling over low heat, stirring until butter melts and sugar is dissolved. Add pecans. Reduce heat. Add sweet potatoes, arranging in single layer; baste well with syrup. Cook, covered, over very low heat, turning once, 15 minutes. Remove cover. Cook, basting occasionally, 15 minutes longer, or until potatoes are well glazed. Makes 6 servings.
title: Bacon Roll-Ups instructions: Sprinkle bacon bits on top of bread; sprinkle cheese on top of bacon bits. Put in microwave for 3 or 4 seconds or until butter is melted. Roll them up and pinch ends together while hot.
title: Pork Chops And Scalloped Potatoes instructions: In saucepan, melt butter. Stir in flour, salt and pepper. Add chicken broth; stir constantly until mixture boils. Cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat; set aside. In skillet, brown pork chops; season with additional salt and pepper. Put sliced potatoes and onion into greased 13 x 9-inch baking dish. Cover with broth mixture. Put pork chops on top. Cover; bake for 1 hour. Uncover and bake for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with paprika and parsley before serving.
title: Chocolate Pie instructions: Mix dry ingredients; add 1/4 cup milk and egg yolks. Beat until creamy. Add remaining ingredients. Cook on low heat until thick. Pour into baked pie shell.
title: Grapefruit Peel Candied instructions: Peel the grapefruit; cut in strips. Cook in the water and sugar. Keep adding water as it cooks. When it looks transparent, you have to keep stirring, then use sugar to roll pieces in until it will absorb no more. Lay on wax paper, then put in container. Eat as pieces of candy.
title: Tomato Juice Cocktail instructions: Cook tomatoes, onion, celery, bay leaf and parsley gently together in an enamel or glass saucepan 30 minutes. Strain and season with salt, paprika and sugar. Chill thoroughly.
title: Delicious Punch instructions: Dissolve sugar and Jell-O in 2 cups boiling water, then add 2 cups cold water. Add fruit juices and stir. Chill. Add 1 bottle ginger ale right before serving. You may also float sherbet on top if desired.
title: Apple Crunch instructions: Mix together all ingredients. Press into greased 9-inch cake pan. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes or until done. Cut in wedges. Serve warm with whipped cream.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream sugar and butter. Add eggs, bananas and nuts. Add flour. Beat well. Pour into 9 x 5 pan. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Fat Burning Soup instructions: Cut vegetables into small to medium pieces and cover with water, the V-8 juice and spices. Boil fast for 10 minutes. Reduce to simmer and continue cooking until veggies are tender.
title: Yogurt Coffee Cake instructions: Cream butter and brown sugar. Add egg and vanilla; beat until fluffy. Stir together flour, baking soda and salt. Add to creamed mixture alternately with yogurt. Blend well. Turn into a greased 9-inch square cake pan. The top can be sprinkled with chopped nuts if desired. Bake in a 350° oven for about 35 to 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
title: Sweet Potato Pie instructions: Combine potatoes, milk and butter. Beat with electric mixer at medium speed, rinsing beaters several times to remove strings from potatoes. Mix all dry ingredients, add alternately to potato mixture. Then add egg and mix thoroughly, add flavoring and beat. Prick two pie crusts with a fork. Pour potato mixture into pie crusts. Bake 45 minutes in a 350° oven.
title: Six Layer Dinner instructions: Layer potatoes, corn, onion, meat and carrots in 3-quart casserole, seasoning each layer with salt and pepper. Pour tomatoes over top. Cover and bake at 350° for 1 3/4 hours or until vegetables are done. Makes 6 servings.
title: Chicken Pie instructions: Cook chicken until tender; remove all bones and skin. In large pan, arrange layer or chicken and 1/2 cup margarine. Roll dough and cut in strips. Place over chicken. Alternate this step until all chicken has been used, then pour chicken broth over this and roll top crust. Place on pie and slit in center. Brush top with butter. Bake in a 350° to 375° oven until golden brown.
title: Pumpkin Pecan Cake instructions: Grease and flour a 12-inch tube pan. Mix together flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, cinnamon and cloves. Cream together sugar and shortening; add eggs and mix well. Add chopped pecans to dry ingredients, then add creamed mixture, folding together with pumpkin and alternating with water. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Creme De Menthe Bars instructions: Bake at 350° for 20 minutes in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Do not overbake.
title: Taco Sauce instructions: Mix and spread over baked pizza dough. Top with green onion stems, tomatoes, lettuce and Mozzarella cheese.
title: Raspberry Shrub instructions: Buzz cranberry juice and raspberry sherbet in blender. Pour into glasses and serve immediately. Serves 8.
title: Buck Snort Slaw instructions: Early in day (6 to 8 hours) ahead, cut up cabbage and place in bowl. Slice onion and place on top of cabbage. Mix together and heat: sugar, vinegar, celery seed, oil and salt. Heat until sugar dissolves. Pour over cabbage; do not stir. Cover and refrigerate. Serve cold.
title: Crab Meat Stew instructions: Chop onion and saute in butter until tender, then slowly add crab meat. Stir on low heat so it won't stick. Add white pepper, then slowly add 2 cans of soup, then 2 cans of milk, stirring slowly. Do the same with the other 4 cans of soup. Let cook on low heat until ready to serve. Feeds 6 to 8 people. This can also be frozen for quick meal with no bother. Serve with crackers.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Stir first 5 ingredients until well blended. Stir in pecans next. Bake at 350° for 50 to 55 minutes.
title: Chocolate Chip Vanilla Gems instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Combine flour, sugar and baking powder in a bowl. Set aside. In a separate bowl, mix well the oil, milk, egg and vanilla. Add the liquid ingredients to the dry and stir just until combined. Don't overmix or the muffins will be tough. Gently fold in the chocolate chips. Spoon batter into 24-cup mini muffin pan or 12-cup regular muffin pan that is sprayed lightly with cooking spray. Bake 15 - 20 minutes or until golden brown. You can use regular chips if you use regular muffin pans only. Enjoy!
title: Sin Pie instructions: Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Pork Cutlets With Curried Cream Sauce instructions: Pat the pork cutlets dry and sprinkle both sides with the curry powder and salt and pepper. In a skillet, cook the onions in 1/2 stick of the butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. In a large ovenproof skillet, brown the cutlets in the remaining 1/2 stick butter over moderately high heat for 3 minutes on each side and stir in the onions, the chutney and the cream. Bake the mixture, covered, in a preheated 350° oven for 30 minutes. Bring the sauce to a boil; swirl in the cornstarch mixture and cook the sauce over moderate heat, stirring, until it has the desired consistency. Serve the dish with rice.
title: Mushroom Rice Casserole instructions: Cook rice as directed. Mix in butter and nutmeg. Mix mushrooms with soup and salt to taste. In casserole, alternate soup and rice, ending with soup. Bake at 350° for about 20 minutes. Add toasted pecans before taking from oven. Serves 6.
title: Light Dessert instructions: Melt marshmallows in heated milk and put in refrigerator until thickens. Add whipped cream and nuts to marshmallows and milk. Mix, stirring well. Add whiskey. Mix and cover with chocolate decorations. Freeze, if desired.
title: Hamburger Hot Dish instructions: Place hamburger in the bottom of a small roaster or casserole. Place onion, carrots and potatoes over the meat. Mix soup and water together and pour over vegetables and hamburger. Season with salt and pepper; bake for 1 hour in a 350° oven.
title: White Clam Sauce instructions: In a hurry? Need a quick, low-fat dinner? Try this.
title: Snowball Surprises instructions: Beat butter, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add flour and	nuts. Blend well. Chill dough. Remove foil from kisses. Shape dough around kisses using 1 tablespoon for each. Roll to form ball, covering kiss completely. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 12 minutes until set but not brown. While warm, sprinkle with powdered sugar. Store in covered container.
title: Instant Creamy Hot Chocolate instructions: Mix all ingredients thoroughly and store in an airtight container. Use 1/3 cup of the mixture in a cup of hot water.
title: Oven Porcupines instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Mix meat, rice, 1/3 cup water, onion, salt, garlic and pepper. Shape into round balls. Place balls in an ungreased baking dish (8 x 8 x 2-inch). Stir together remaining ingredients and pour over meatballs. Cover with foil and bake 45 minutes. Uncover and bake 15 minutes longer.
title: Soda Cracker Bars instructions: Line bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan with soda crackers. Mix brown sugar, cracker crumbs, milk and butter. Bring to a slow boil and cook 7 minutes.
title: My Favorite Chocolate Cake instructions: Blend first 5 ingredients well. Can use graham cracker crust in 9 x 12-inch pan or cheese cake pan. Pour into prepared crust. Bake 1 1/2 hours at 325°. Turn off oven and let sit 20 minutes. Cool completely and refrigerate. Top with fresh fruit or canned pie filling before serving.
title: Coca Cola Salad instructions: Dissolve jellos and hot water together. When mixture begins to thicken add nuts, cherries and pineapple. Refrigerate and allow to congeal.
title: Baskin-Robbins Pie instructions: Mix well and bake in a 9-inch pie pan at 350° for 20 minutes. Remove and let cool.
title: Broccoli Corn Bread instructions: Melt butter in a 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Beat eggs. Add all other ingredients to the beaten eggs. Pour excess butter into mixture and mix well. Pour into buttered baking dish. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Super Quick Rolls instructions: Mix water, yeast and sugar until dissolved. Add flour, milk and oil. Stir until all flour is moist. Batter will look lumpy. Bake at once in well buttered muffin pans at 475° for about 15 minutes, or until browned.
title: Judias Estofadas(Pinto Bean Soup)   instructions: In a 5-quart pan, add 3 quarts of water and all ingredients, except garlic, olive oil and paprika. (Mash garlic; mix with paprika and olive oil and add to the beans after beans are tender.) Add water as needed. Serves 6.
title: Pork Chops And Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Place cut up potatoes in casserole. Pour about 1/4 cup milk over potatoes. Salt and pepper. Place pork chops on top of potatoes and salt and pepper. Cover and bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Mexican Cornbread instructions: Combine corn, buttermilk, oil and eggs; mix well. Stir in cornbread mix. Pour half of batter into a greased 9-inch square pan; sprinkle with green chilies and half of cheese. Pour remaining half of batter over top and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes or until done. Cut into squares. Yields 9.
title: Fruit Delight instructions: Mix together cottage cheese, dry Jell-O and drained fruit. Fold in Cool Whip and all the pecans you can afford. This can be made 1 or 2 days ahead and kept in the refrigerator. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Banana Slat Cake instructions: Cream oleo with sugar and blend well; add beaten eggs to mixture. Add vanilla and bananas to creamed mixture. Sift and measure flour with soda and sift again. Add milk and dry ingredients alternately to creamed mixture. Bake in 9x13-inch pan for 1 hour at 325°.
title: Red Cabbage instructions: Boil together for about 1 hour until tender.
title: Crispy Chicken With Asparagus Sauce instructions: In pie plate, dip chicken into egg; coat with bread crumbs. In skillet over medium low heat, cook chicken 15 minutes or until browned on both sides and no longer pink. Remove; keep warm. In same skillet over low heat, combine soup, milk and water. Serve with rice. Serves 4.
title: Hot Fudge Sauce instructions: Combine sugar and cocoa in small saucepan; blend in evaporated milk and corn syrup. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture boils. Boil and stir one minute. Remove from heat; stir in butter and vanilla. Serve warm.
title: "Good Friday" Vegetable Soup instructions: In covered Dutch oven or saucepan (4-quart) over medium heat, cook butter, carrots, onions, cabbage, parsley and salt for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add chicken broth, green beans and caraway seed. Reduce to low heat, cover and simmer 15 minutes or until vegetables are fork-tender.
title: Cowboy Coffee Cake instructions: Mix flour, sugar, salt and shortening until crumbly; take out 1/4 cup. To remaining crumbs, add baking powder, soda and spices; mix well. Pour into one greased and floured 8 x 1 1/2-inch round pan; top with reserved crumbs. Bake at 375° for 25 to 30 minutes. Serve warm. Makes one cake.
title: Bacon Spinach Roll-Ups instructions: Melt butter in the water. Remove from heat. Stir in stuffing and add the rest of the ingredients, except bacon. Chill at least one hour.
title: Pina Colada Cake instructions: Mix cake mix as directed on box except put the crushed pineapples instead of water. Bake and cool. After the cake has cooled. Punch holes in cake with wooden spoon. Mix the cream of coconut and eagle brand milk together and pour over cake and then top with cool whip and loose coconut.
title: Raspberry Pretzel Salad instructions: Mix crumbs, butter and 3 tablespoons sugar; press in pan. Bake for 10 minutes at 350°. Cool. Cream the cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Spread on pretzel crust. Dissolve jello in hot water; add frozen raspberries. Let stand until thick and pour over top. Let set.
title: Duchess Potatoes instructions: Cook potatoes in boiling water to cover 15 minutes or until tender. Drain and mash. Stir in butter and next 3 ingredients. Let cool 10 minutes. Stir in eggs. Spoon mixture into a large decorating bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe 14 (2-inch) rosettes onto a lightly greased baking sheet. Drizzle with melted butter and sprinkle with paprika. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes or until lightly browned around the edges.
title: Easy Glazed Yams instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Arrange yams in ungreased 1 1/2-quart shallow baking dish. Spoon preserves evenly over yams. Top with nuts, marshmallows and butter. Bake 25 minutes or until hot. Refrigerate leftovers.
title: 7-Up Pound Cake instructions: Cream together the butter and sugar for 20 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time. Add flour and lemon extract. Fold in 7-Up. Pour into well greased 12 cup Bundt pan. Bake at 325°.
title: Sugarless Banana Walnut Cake instructions: Mix bananas and butter together until creamy; add eggs. Beat well. Combine flour, baking powder, soda and cinnamon. Add to banana mixture alternately with water, beating well after each addition. Stir in nuts. Spoon into a greased baking pan. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until cake tests done.
title: Chicken And Asparagus Casserole Dish(A Good Company Dish)   instructions: Boil chicken breasts in seasoned water until tender. Cool, debone and tear bite size pieces. Set aside. Saute onion in butter and add remaining ingredients, except asparagus and almonds. Simmer sauce until cheese melts. To assemble: place a layer of chicken in a large casserole dish, a layer of asparagus and a layer of sauce. Repeat layers ending with sauce. Top with almonds. Bake at 350° until bubbly. Do not add liquid even if it looks dry. If large breasts are used this will serve 12. It also freezes well.
title: Krispy Krunch instructions: Cream together first five ingredients. Sift together flour, soda, baking powder and salt; then add to first set of ingredients. Mix remaining ingredients with first mixture. With buttered hands, mold into balls about the size of walnuts. Place on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 12 to 15 minutes. Makes about 100 cookies.
title: Peach And Orange Marmalade instructions: Crush peaches. Put oranges through coarse blade of food chopper. Add sugar and cook one hour. Add syrup from cherries and chopped cherries just before marmalade is cooked. Pour in hot jars and seal.
title: Golden Baked Chicken instructions: Place chicken on a rack in a shallow baking dish. Combine remaining ingredients and brush on chicken. Bake at 370° for 1 hour. Brush chicken with mixture once or twice during baking.
title: Overnight Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients in	a large bowl.	Cover and place in refrigerator overnight. Remove from refrigerator 1 hour before baking. Stir well and spoon into 1 1/2 quart casserole. Bake in preheated 350° oven for 1 hour.	Serves 6.
title: Marinated Fresh Mushrooms instructions: Combine all ingredients; mix well. Marinate at least 3 hours or overnight.
title: Velvet Pound Cake instructions: Mix butter and Crisco, cream with sugar and eggs. Mix 1/2 cup of milk and flour, then add other half cup of milk. Add flavors and baking powder. Beat. Bake 1 1/2 hours at 300°.
title: Oatmeal Bread instructions: Dissolve yeast in lukewarm water. Pour boiling water over oatmeal, shortening, sugar and salt. Mix well. Let cool until lukewarm. Stir in dissolved yeast. Add nut meats and 3 1/4 cups of flour. Cover and set in warm place and allow to double in size. Place remaining flour on board and knead until it is all worked in. It will seem stiff. Set in warm place until more than double in bulk. Divide into loaves. Makes 2 large or 4 small loaves. Let raise. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes.
title: Coconut Sheet Cake instructions: Mix and bake cake as directed. Boil pineapple, juice and sugar for 5 minutes. Prick holes in hot cake and pour boiled mixture over top of cake. Prepare pudding and spread on cooled cake. Top with Cool Whip and coconut.
title: Chicken And Rice Casserole instructions: Combine 1/2 cup butter and soups in saucepan. Heat; stir until smooth. Add rice. Spread in 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Lay chicken breasts on top, skin side up. Brush with melted butter. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake at 275° for 2 hours and 30 minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Shrimp Sandwiches instructions: Soften cream cheese and add salad dressing. Drain shrimp and add to cheese mixture and add a few parsley flakes. Makes great party sandwiches.
title: Coconut Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cream butter; gradually add sugar, creaming until light and fluffy. Sift flour with baking powder and salt. Add eggs one at a time to creamed mixture, beating well after each addition. Add flour mixture alternately with milk and flavorings, beating after each addition until smooth. Pour batter into three greased and floured 9 x 2-inch cake pans. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pans 10 minutes. Remove from pans; finish cooling on racks.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together in bowl except potatoes, then add potatoes. Pour into casserole dish. Top with crumbled potato chips. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until brown.
title: Sweet Green Tomato Pickles instructions: In a large plastic container, soak tomatoes in water and lime mixture for 24 hours. Rinse well and soak in cold water 3 hours. Combine vinegar, sugar and salt in another container. Place pickling spice, cloves and celery seed in cheesecloth bag. Add to vinegar mixture. Set aside. Drain water from tomatoes; pour vinegar mixture over the tomatoes. Soak overnight. Next morning, simmer mixture until the tomatoes are transparent (about 50 minutes). Fill in hot sterilized jars and process in boiling water bath 5 minutes.
title: Mexican Chicken instructions: Boil chicken, peel off skin. Remove from bone. Mix soup, tomatoes, bell pepper, onion, garlic powder, chili powder and 1/2 cup of cheese. Mix well. Grease large Pyrex pan, line bottom with Doritos and then place chicken on top of Doritos. Pour mixed ingredients over chicken. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Remove and pour remaining Doritos and cheese over top. Put in oven until cheese melts.
title: Bacon And Green Bean Casserole instructions: Heat oven to 350°. In bowl, combine beans, soup, milk, 1/2 can onions, 1/2 jar bacon bits and pepper; pour into 1 1/2-quart casserole dish. Bake 30 minutes. Top with remaining onions and bacon bits. Bake 5 minutes longer.
title: Better Than Sex Cake instructions: Combine the first 7 ingredients in a large bowl. Beat at medium speed for 4 minutes. Stir in chocolate chips and nuts. Bake in greased and floured tube pan at 350° for 55 minutes. Cool in pan for 10 minutes before removing.
title: Chicken Tetrazzini instructions: Cook noodles according to package. Saute onions and bell pepper in margarine. Stir in flour slowly until thick. Add seasonings and cheese; stir until melted. Add 2 cups milk, soups, chicken (chopped), and noodles. Turn into shallow baking dish and cover with bread crumbs. Bake at 400° for 15 to 20 minutes or until browned on top.
title: Sunshine Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in hot water, add cold water; stir. Add pineapple; allow to cool but not gel. Add carrots and stir to distribute evenly. Place in refrigerate to congeal.
title: Guacamole Viva instructions: Peel and mash avocado with a fork in a medium glass bowl. Add lemon juice and sour cream, mixing well. Stir in garlic, onion and tomato. Season with celery salt, oregano and cayenne pepper. Place avocado pit in the center; cover and chill until serving. Remove pit before serving.
title: Microwave Caramel Corn instructions: Pop corn in air popper. Place popcorn and peanuts in double brown grocery bag; set aside. Combine sugar, butter, syrup and salt in glass bowl. Microwave on High 3 to 4 minutes, stirring after each minute, until mixture boils. Microwave 2 minutes more. Stir in soda. Pour syrup mixture over popcorn in bag. Close bag; shake well. Microwave 1 1/2 minutes on High; shake. Microwave 1 1/2 minutes on High; shake. Pour into roasting pan. Cool to separate.
title: Pasta Carbonara instructions: Take 1 pound of bacon and cut into cubes; brown. Add 1 cup sliced mushrooms, garlic and green pepper; saute with bacon. Set aside and save fat in pan. In a spaghetti bowl, beat 2 eggs. Add parsley and grated cheese. Cook 1 pound of spaghetti. Save 1/2 cup of water. Fold spaghetti into egg mixture. Let set 3 minutes. Add 1/2 cup of boiling water; mix well. Heat first mixture of bacon and vegetables; pour over spaghetti.
title: Dirt Dessert instructions: Mix the first 3 ingredients in one bowl. Mix the pudding, milk and Cool Whip in a large bowl, then blend and fold cream cheese mixture into Cool Whip mixture. Layer cookie crumbs with the chocolate pudding combination in a clear glass container and decorate as you see fit. Can be served with a little toy shovel. You can end with a crumb mix on top and put an artificial flower in center.
title: Grandma Liskawa'S Pork And Beans instructions: Brown ground beef. Drain. Add beans and remaining ingredients. Mix well. Bake at 370° for about 1 hour or until nice and bubbly, stirring some.
title: Chicken Kiev instructions: Place breasts between waxed paper; pound until 1/4-inch thick. In pie pan, combine the next 5 ingredients. In bowl, mix butter, parsley and 1/2 teaspoon oregano. Spread mixture onto breasts. Lay strip of cheese (1 1/2 x 1/2-inch) along width of breast. Roll and secure with toothpicks. Dip in melted butter; roll in crumbs. Place in pan lined with foil, seam side down. Drizzle with remaining butter. Bake, uncovered, in a 425° oven for 30 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink inside.
title: Barbecue Shrimp instructions: Combine all ingredients. Put in pan under broiler. Turn frequently (every 3 or 4 minutes). Cook 30 to 40 minutes. Serves 5 to 6.
title: Indian Tacos instructions: Mix together dry ingredients, add lard or shortening and mix until crumbly. Begin adding water until a nice soft dough. Roll on floured board to desired size. Poke hole in the middle. Either fry in frying pan with 1 inch of oil or electric fryer. Brown to desired color, turn over and fry on the other side and drain.
title: Garden Chicken Salad instructions: To make dressing, in a small bowl, combine first 6 ingredients. In a large bowl, toss vegetables with half of dressing. Arrange on lettuce-lined platter. Top with chicken. Serve with remaining dressing. Makes 4 servings.
title: Crepes(French)   instructions: Mix flour, sugar, baking powder and salt together in a bowl. Stir in remaining ingredients. Beat mixture until smooth.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Saute celery and onion in small skillet with small amount of margarine. Mix soup and milk together in small bowl. Combine all ingredients (except 1/2 cup stuffing) in a large bowl. Place in a 9 x 13-inch casserole dish. Top with reserved stuffing. Bake at 400° for 20 to 30 minutes.
title: White Chili instructions: Cook beans. Cook chicken and cut up into small pieces. Save broth. Combine beans, chicken, chilies, garlic, onions, oil, chicken stock, cumin, oregano, salt, onion salt and pepper. Simmer until desired thickness.
title: Brown Rice instructions: Brown rice in a little butter. Add rest of butter and beef consomme. Put in 350° oven for 1 hour or until rice is done. May add chopped onions and pepper.
title: Golden Corn Stuffing Bake instructions: Combine soup, celery and onions in a 9-inch greased pie plate. Spoon stuffing mixture in. Arrange chicken over stuffing mixture. Press lightly into stuffing. Combine sugar, margarine and mustard. Spread evenly over chicken. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink. Garnish with fresh sage, if desired.
title: Mom'S Cake instructions: Cream shortening and sugar. Beat in whole egg and 2 egg yolks. Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Combine 2 mixtures; blend. Grease and flour 13 x 9-inch pan. Sprinkle nuts, chocolate pieces and marshmallows over batter. Beat 2 egg whites very stiff. Fold in brown sugar. Spread over cake. Bake 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Crunchy Cheese Ball instructions: Beat cream cheese and mayonnaise until smooth. Stir in next 5 ingredients. Cover; chill several hours. Form into ball; roll in nuts to coat. Serve with crackers.
title: Hungarian Gulya'S instructions: Cut beef into 1-inch squares. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Chop the onion fine and brown in oil. Add beef and paprika. Let beef simmer in its own juice for 1 hour. Add sliced carrots and chopped parsley. Simmer for 1/2 hour. Add water, diced potatoes and remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Simmer until potatoes are done; add black pepper.
title: Brown Sugar Sauce instructions: Add sugar to cream gradually, stirring constantly. Add vanilla; beat thoroughly. Serve over pound cake, ice cream or use as a fresh fruit dip.
title: Italian Spaghetti Sauce instructions: Combine and cook 2 1/2 to 4 hours.
title: Rocky Road Candy instructions: Cut the marshmallows in quarters and put into a very large bowl in double boiler. Melt chocolate. When melted, add milk and keep mixing until smooth. Add the vanilla and stir. Let cool slightly. Add nuts. Pour over marshmallows and mix. Put in shallow loaf pan lined with waxed paper and let cool in refrigerator overnight.
title: Fruit Pie instructions: Bring cherries and pineapple to a boil, then add flour and sugar mixture. When thickened, add jello (dry). When cool, add sliced bananas. Serve with Cool Whip. Makes two 8-inch pies.
title: Gram'S Irish Soda Bread instructions: Heat oven to 450°. Mix raisins with sifted flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and sugar. Cut in butter with a pastry blender until consistency of corn meal. Gradually add buttermilk and eggs. Mix gently until just moistened. Knead lightly until smooth on a floured board and shape into a round loaf. Put dough in a greased round baking pan. With a sharp knife cut a cross in top of dough. Bake 10 minutes at 450°; reduce heat to 350° and bake 45 minutes. Cool on wire rack. Slice and dunk in a cup of hot tea.
title: Aunt Sharon'S Chewy Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Sift together all dry ingredients except sugar. Add shortening, sugar, eggs and vanilla. Beat until smooth, about 2 minutes. Stir in oats and raisins. Drop by teaspoonful onto greased cookie sheet. Bake in preheated oven at 350° for 12 to 15 minutes. Makes 3 1/2 dozen.
title: Sausage And Cheese Balls instructions: Mix all ingredients together and form into balls. Bake.
title: Favorite Four Bean Salad instructions: Mix kidney beans, green beans, wax beans and garbanzo beans. Marinate overnight. Add onion rings just before serving for crispness.
title: Kart-Wheels instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Mix flour, margarine, powdered sugar, baking powder and just enough milk until dough forms. If dough seems dry, mix in more milk one teaspoon at a time. Divide dough into 6 equal parts. Shape each part into a ball. Place on an ungreased cookie sheet. Flatten slightly. Make an indention 1 3/4 inches in diameter and about 3/4-inch deep in center of each. Fill each indention with about 2 tablespoons pie filling.
title: Lemon Shrimp Oriental instructions: Thaw shrimp, if frozen and drain well. Peel and devein shrimp. For sauce, stir together water, cornstarch, soy sauce, sugar, bouillon granules, lemon peel and juice and pepper. Set aside. Preheat a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil. Add mushrooms, celery and green pepper; stir-fry for 3 minutes. Add green onion and stir-fry for 1 minute more. Remove vegetables from wok. Add remaining oil. Add half of shrimp to hot wok. Stir-fry 2 to 3 minutes or until shrimp turn pink. Remove and stir-fry remaining shrimp. Return shrimp to wok. Push from center. Stir sauce. Add to center of the wok. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Add vegetables and pea pods. Stir to coat mixture with sauce. Cook and stir for 1 minute. Serve over rice.
title: Melt Away Bars instructions: In large bowl, mix butter, sugar, egg yolk, vanilla, flour and 1/2 cup nuts. Blend well. Spread in ungreased jelly roll pan 15 x 10-inch. Beat egg whites until frothy. Spread over mix. Sprinkle with colored sugar and 1/2 cup nuts. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes until golden brown. Cool and cut into squares or bars.
title: Red Velvet Cake instructions: Grease and flour pans. (Makes three (9-inch) layers.) Mix all ingredients together and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Savory Meat Loaf instructions: Soak bread pieces in milk. Combine all ingredients to mixed meat. Form into loaf; place in greased loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 1 3/4 hours.
title: Pecan Pralines I instructions: Mix sugar, salt, milk and Karo syrup in heavy, 3-quart pan and cook to soft ball stage. Add butter and vanilla. Beat until cool. Add pecans and drop by tablespoon onto wax paper. When firm, store in closed container. Makes approximately 2 dozen pralines.
title: Recipe For Preserving Children instructions: Mix the children and dogs together. Put them in a field, stirring constantly. Pour the brook over the pebbles. Sprinkle the field with some flowers. Spread over all a deep blue sky and bake in a hot sun. When brown, remove and set to cool in a bathtub. Now, go on with your cooking.
title: Cauliflower Salad instructions: Layer the first three ingredients in bowl. Mix together mayonnaise, vinegar and sugar, then pour over first mixture. Cover top with cheese. Let stand in refrigerator 24 hours, then mix and serve.
title: King Ranch instructions: Saute onion and green pepper in butter. Add soups, tomatoes and garlic. Line large casserole dish with tortillas (about 12). Fill casserole with alternate layers of chicken, sauce and cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Serves 8.
title: Coconut Cake instructions: Make white or yellow cake mix and bake according to package directions in a 9 x 13-inch sheet pan. Immediately pour the Eagle Brand milk over hot cake. Let sit until cake is warm. Pour the cream of coconut over cake. Sprinkle with coconut.
title: Linda'S Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook chicken and cut up. Cook broccoli and drain. Mix all ingredients and pour into greased casserole. Bake at 350° for 30 to 45 minutes. Freezes well.
title: Death By Chocolate instructions: You may cut this recipe in half, it makes quite a bit. Also, you can omit the Kahlua!
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Mix oil, eggs, sugar and vanilla well. Sift dry ingredients and blend with first mixture (mixture will be thick). Add apples and pecans. Grease and flour Bundt pan. Put in cold oven. bake at 350° for 1 hour and 10 minutes. Let cake cool some before removing from pan. While still warm, glaze.
title: Pizzelle(Italian Cookies)   instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Drop by teaspoon on waffle pizzelle maker. Cook about 30 seconds.
title: Oyster Stew instructions: Heat can of soup to boiling point. Add oysters. Bring to a boil, taste and serve.
title: Glazed Lamb Chops instructions: Sprinkle chops with salt and pepper. Brown both sides well under broiler. Drain all fat. Place in oiled baking dish. Combine curry powder, orange juice, lemon juice and honey. Pour over chops and bake in a preheated 350° oven for 30 to 45 minutes. Add oranges to sauce for last 5 minutes to warm them.
title: Pineapple And Rice Casserole instructions: Combine bread crumbs, milk, beef, egg, 1/4 cup onion and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Gently form into 20 meatballs; brown in butter in large skillet. Add rice and remaining onion; stir gently until rice is lightly browned. Drain pineapple, measuring syrup. Add water to syrup to make 1 1/3 cups liquid. Cut each pineapple slice into 6 wedges; gradually add with the liquid, 1 teaspoon salt and remaining ingredients to rice mixture; stir thoroughly. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 5 minutes.
title: Tuna Spread instructions: Blend all ingredients until smooth. Serve on crackers. This is great for children's birthday parties. Put some on a cracker; add a thin slice of ripe olive.
title: Pineapple Chicken Salad instructions: Melt butter in skillet. Saute almonds over low heat, watching carefully so they do not get too brown. Remove and cool. Mix chicken, pineapple, celery and 3/4 of the almonds. In a small bowl mix wheat germ, honey, lemon juice and mayonnaise. Blend dressing with salad. Serve salad on crisp lettuce garnished with reserved almonds.
title: Perfect Gravy instructions: Melt margarine. Add flour; mix well. Cook over medium heat until hot. Add broth. Cook until boiling. Add other soup and water. Cook 15 minutes longer. Good over meat loaf or cream potatoes or anything that needs a little flavor.
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Boil water; remove from heat. Add oatmeal and margarine. Mix other ingredients; add to oatmeal mixture. Bake in an oblong pan at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Spray baking dish with Pam. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Shrimp Soup instructions: Saute in butter the onion, bell pepper and celery. Add all ingredients together and cook until cheese melts. Serve over rice.
title: Potato Cheese Casserole instructions: Peel, cube, boil and drain potatoes. Place in food processor and puree until smooth. Add remaining ingredients, except paprika, and continue processing until smooth. You may have to do this in batches. Spoon mixture into buttered 1-quart baking dish. Sprinkle top with paprika. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes, until piping hot. Serves 6.
title: Sausage And Cheese Biscuits instructions: Place turkey in a nonstick skillet; cook over medium heat until browned, stirring to crumble. Drain and pat dry with paper towel. Combine turkey and next 5 ingredients in a bowl; stir well. Add buttermilk, stirring until just moistened. Drop dough by heaping tablespoonful onto a baking sheet coated with vegetable cooking spray. Bake at 450° for 11 minutes (68 calories each). Makes 1 dozen.
title: Barbecue Sauce instructions: Melt butter; mix well with other ingredients. Use for basting broiled chicken or other meat.
title: Sure Thing Sugar Cookies instructions: Cut shortening into flour with a fork until the mixture is the consistency of small peas and corn meal. Combine remaining ingredients and mix with flour. Roll dough to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut into various shapes with cookie cutters. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Blackberry Jam(Sugar-Free)   instructions: Measure crushed blackberries into a kettle. Add sweetener; stir well. Boil rapidly, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens. Fill and seal containers.
title: Seafoam Salad instructions: *Cool Whip can be used, but the whipped cream is so delightful.
title: Centennial Squares instructions: Mix graham wafer crumbs with butter and sugar to make crust. Spread on cookie sheet or shallow cake pan. Put layer of chocolate chips first, then butterscotch chips, coconut and nuts. Top with Eagle Brand evenly. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool and cut into slices or squares.
title: Banana Pumpkin Foamy instructions: Blend all ingredients together in a blender for the perfect cookie companion drink.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Grease and flour a loaf pan. Mix dry ingredients together. Add eggs and Wesson oil. Add mashed bananas and pecans last. Bake for 45 minutes at 350° or until done.
title: Spaghetti Sauce instructions: Saute onion and garlic, then add meat and brown. Add tomatoes and sauces. Add remaining ingredients and simmer until thick, about 2 hours.
title: Johnny Menyetta instructions: Brown ground beef, bell pepper, onions and celery. Preboil noodles. Mix noodles with meat sauce. Add tomato soup, water and mushrooms. Cover with grated cheese. Bake at 350° for about 45 minutes; bake uncovered the last 15 minutes.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Sift dry ingredients. Mix eggs, oil, water, etc. Bake in loaf pan for about 1 hour at 350°. Can use cupcake tins.
title: Creamy Baked Flounder instructions: In a well buttered, flat casserole dish, lay the fish, overlapping them. Cover fish with very thin slices of Bermuda onion. Put another layer of fish. Cover fish with very thin slices of tomato. Cover top of layers with a thick coat of sour cream. Cook in 350° oven for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: French Fish Fillets instructions: Dip fillets in dressing; coat with crumbs. Place fillets in grease in a 1 1/2-quart utility pan. Sprinkle paprika, as desired. Cover with plastic wrap. Bake for 3 1/2 to 5 minutes, or until fish flakes easily with fork.
title: Anise Cakes instructions: Cream butter and sugar; add eggs one at a time. Add flavorings plus the anise seed. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt into a large bread bowl. Make well in center; add the first mixture and mix as for old fashioned tea cakes, incorporating all of the flour.
title: Pepperoni Pizza Casserole instructions: Mix rice, parmesan cheese, oregano, garlic powder and eggs. Blend together. Put in greased 9 x 13 casserole and bake 10 minutes. Pour jar of spaghetti sauce over rice mixture. Add sliced green pepper, pepperoni, mushrooms and mozzarella cheese. Bake 15 minutes longer.
title: Gumdrop Fruitcake instructions: Mix candy, raisins, nuts and dates with dry cake mix. Beat together apple pie filling, eggs and cinnamon until well mixed. Pour this in cake and fruit mix and mix well. Pack into two greased loaf pans or one greased tube pan and bake at 350° for 70 minutes. May put icing on cake or eat plain. This is very good and rather easy.
title: Pineapple Cake instructions: Prepare cake as directed and bake in a greased and floured 9 x 13-inch pan. Meanwhile, simmer pineapple and sugar. Remove baked cake from oven and, with a fork, poke holes all over cake. Cover with pineapple mixture and chill. Prepare pudding as directed and stir in coconut. Spread over cake. Cover with whipped topping and sprinkle with nuts.
title: Hummingbird Cake instructions: Combine flour, soda, salt, sugar and cinnamon. Add eggs and oil, stirring until moistened. Do not beat. Stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, pineapple, bananas and 1 cup pecans. Pour into 3 round, greased cake pans. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Cool 10 minutes. Remove from pan and cool. Mix oleo, cream cheese, powdered sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Frost cake with icing, then put 1/2 cup pecans on top.
title: Sweet And Sour Sauce instructions: Combine in saucepan and bring to boil, mixing thoroughly. Pour over chicken and bake at 375° for 45 minutes.
title: Hershey Pound Cake instructions: Melt Hershey bars in oven with can of syrup; cool. Cream margarine and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time. Add melted bars and syrup. Then add flour, soda, salt and buttermilk, alternating dry ingredients and buttermilk. Add vanilla. Bake in a tube or loaf pan for 1 1/2 hours in a 325° oven.
title: Broccoli Supreme instructions: Cook and drain broccoli. Combine soup, mayonnaise and onion. Blend in cooked broccoli. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Sprinkle with cheese. Melt margarine and add seasoned crumbs. Mix well and sprinkle over top of cheese. Bake in 350° oven 30 to 45 minutes. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Lasagna instructions: Brown ground chuck, onion and garlic in a large pot. When done, add tomato sauce, tomato paste, V-8 juice and 3 to 3 1/2 cups water. Add celery, green pepper and seasoning to taste. Cook on low heat 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 hours. Slowly add Parmesan cheese.
title: No Bake Cookies instructions: Combine the first 5 ingredients and bring to a boil. Boil 1 minute and remove from heat. Add the peanut butter and stir to dissolve. Add oats and vanilla. Stir well. Drop by teaspoon onto waxed paper. Let stand until set.
title: Tacos In Pasta Shells instructions: Cook pasta shells, drain and toss with margarine, set aside. Brown ground beef and drain. Stir cream cheese into ground beef, add taco seasoning (enough to taste) and salt, simmer for 5 minutes.
title: Amie'S French Country Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Blanch bacon in boiling water 3 minutes. Drain, refresh and pat dry. Peel potatoes and blanch for 5 minutes; drain and pat dry. Trim fat from chicken and season. Add butter and oil to large covered casserole and brown chicken over high heat. Remove and set aside. Add bacon to pot and brown; remove. Brown pearl onions; remove. Brown blanched potatoes and remove. Pour off excess fat. Return chicken to casserole. Add bacon, vegetables, garlic and herbs. Pour in 1/2 cup water; season with salt and pepper. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes, half of the time covered. Serves 6.
title: Crisp Bread And Butter Pickles instructions: Mix the cucumbers and onions with the salt and 2 quarts cracked ice. Then let them stand, covered with a weighted lid, for 3 hours. Drain thoroughly and put the vegetables in a large kettle. Add the sugar, spices and vinegar. Bring almost to a boil, stirring often with a wooden spoon, but do not let boil. Pack the pickles into hot jars and seal.
title: Broccoli Dip instructions: Microwave broccoli in covered 2 qt. microwavable bowl on high 3 minutes or until thawed; drain. Add Velveeta and garlic powder. Microwave 2 to 3 minutes or until Velveeta is melted stirring, after 2 minutes. Serve hot with crackers and cut up vegetables.
title: Broiled Zucchini Squash instructions: Wash zucchini; remove ends and slice lengthwise in 1/4-inch slices. You should have about 5 slices. Place on cookie sheet. Dot with small cubed butter (about 1/4-inch each). Put thin slices of garlic in between butter cubes. Heat under broiler until the zucchini begins to brown on edges.
title: Porcupine Meatballs instructions: Mix together the first 4 ingredients with your hands and shape into balls about the size of tennis balls. Put into a pan and pour sauce over each ball until it is well covered. Bake at 450° for about an hour.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 350 degrees, 40-45 minutes.
title: Pumpkin Roll instructions: Stir altogether. Pour into a greased cookie sheet. Bake about 14 minutes at 350°. Place on towel sprinkled with powdered sugar.
title: Six Cup Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients and mix well. Refrigerate several hours before serving.
title: Beefy Noodle Cheese Bake instructions: In a frying pan, put oil, green pepper, onion and ground beef. Cook until beef is browned. Drain off all grease and rinse under hot water. Put back into pan and add soup, oleo, milk and cheese. Simmer on low for 15 minutes. Cook and drain noodles. In a greased casserole dish layer noodles and meat mixture until used up. Top with cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Makes 4 to 5 servings.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease well a 9 x 13-inch sheet pan. Put coconut on bottom of pan, then sprinkle the pecans. Prepare cake mix according to directions and pour over pecans. In another bowl cream together the powdered sugar, margarine, cream cheese and vanilla. Spoon this mixture over cake mix. Bake for 45 minutes. Cake should crack in the middle.
title: Weinberg'S Sausage Dip instructions: Brown sausage in a skillet and drain. Drain the can of Rotel. Mix and heat the cream cheese and the Rotel. Add sausage to the heated mixture. Stir and serve with chips or crackers.
title: Easy Chicken instructions: Combine chicken with mushroom soup for 15 minutes at medium heat. Fold in sour cream, sherry (if used) and poultry seasoning. Cook in shalloww baking dish or pan in 325° oven.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Cook chicken and debone. Cut into small pieces. Cook Stove Top stuffing as directed. In greased pan, layer stuffing, chicken and soup. Drizzle 1/4 to 1/2 can of water on top of casserole so won't dry out. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Spinach And Cheese Souffle instructions: Cook spinach according to package directions; drain well. In saucepan, melt butter. Blend in flour and salt. Add the 1 cup of milk all at once. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Remove from heat. Add cheese. Stir until melted. Reserve 3/4 cup of the sauce; stir spinach into remaining sauce. Beat egg yolk until thick and lemon colored, about 5 minutes. Slowly stir in spinach mixture. Gradually pour over beaten egg whites, folding together well. Turn into a 1 1/2-quart souffle dish. Bake, uncovered, at 350° until knife inserted just off center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Just before serving, in saucepan, combine reserved sauce, the 1/2 cup milk and pepper. Heat until bubbly. Slowly stir hot sauce into sour cream. Pass with souffle. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Hush Puppies instructions: Mix all together and drop by spoonfuls into very hot oil. Cook until brown.
title: Sweet And Sour Beef instructions: In 10-inch skillet, brown meat, adding salt, pepper and soy sauce to taste. Drain excess grease. Add frozen veggies and as much water as the veggie bag recommends. Simmer with lid on. When veggies are nearly done, add jelly and cornstarch mixed in cold water. Stir regularly until sauce starts to gel. Serve over noodles or rice.
title: Oatmeal Cake Topping instructions: Heat together oleo, sugar, evaporated milk and vanilla. Add coconut and spread on hot cake.
title: Chicken Spaghetti instructions: Boil chicken breasts (preferably in a pressure cooker) for 25 minutes. Let cool and remove skin and fat. Cut in bite-size pieces and set aside.
title: Shrimp Dip instructions: Let cream cheese soften. Mix mayonnaise and lemon juice with electric mixer. Add other ingredients and mix well.
title: Bread And Butter Pickles instructions: Combine cucumbers and onions. Sprinkle with salt and set aside for one hour. Drain off all liquid. Put in saucepan with vinegar, sugar, celery seed, turmeric, cinnamon and peppers. Bring to a boil and cook 20 minutes. Put in sterilized jars and seal. Makes two quarts.
title: Corn Okra Casserole instructions: Put in buttered baking dish a layer of okra, layer of creamed corn, layer of onion, green pepper, bacon and layer of whole kernel corn. Top with grated cheese. Cover and bake for 1 hour at 375°. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Apple Crisp Pie instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Brush bottom and sides of crust evenly with beaten egg yolk and bake on baking sheet until light brown, about 5 minutes. Remove crust from oven. Combine apples, lemon juice, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg. Mix well and spoon into crust. Mix remaining flour, sugar, brown sugar and butter with fork until crumbly. Sprinkle topping evenly over apples. Bake on baking sheet until topping is golden and filling is bubbly, about 50 minutes. Cool and serve. This recipe will serve 6 people.
title: Buttermilk Pound Cake instructions: Sift together flour, soda, baking powder and salt. Sift again. Cream butter with sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend in vanilla. Add flour mixture and buttermilk alternately and beat until smooth after each addition. Pour into greased and floured wax papered loaf pan. Bake in moderate oven at 350° for about 1 hour and 10 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Remove from pan and cool. Dust with powdered sugar.
title: Easy Frozen Salad instructions: Combine first 5, then fold in Cool Whip. Put in 10-inch pie plate. Cover and freeze 4 hours or overnight. Serve on leaf lettuce. Garnish with fruit.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Cook onion, celery and pepper in 2 cups water. Fold in eggs, muffin mix and cans of corn and some juice. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until done in middle and brown and crusty on top. Pour in greased 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan. Feeds a crowd. Good for potluck supper.
title: Blonde Brownies instructions: Cream butter and sugar adding eggs one at a time, then beat well. Add flour and blend well. Stir in vanilla and pecans. Pour into greased 9x13 in. baking pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 30-35 minutes. Cool and cut into bars.
title: Spiced Tea instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Store in airtight container for later use. For each cup of tea, mix 1 teaspoon of tea mix to 1 cup of hot water.
title: Homemade Pot Pie instructions: Sift together dry ingredients. Mix shortening in with fork. Add water; roll thin and cut into pieces. Cook about 20 minutes.
title: Whole Wheat Banana Bread instructions: Beat butter; blend in sugar. Mix in beaten eggs and mashed bananas. Add sifted flour, salt, soda and wheat flour, alternated with hot water. Stir in chopped nuts. Bake in a greased 9 x 5-inch loaf pan at 325° for 1 hour and 10 minutes. Makes one loaf.
title: Caramel Dip instructions: In a mixing bowl, blend all ingredients by heating until smooth. Serve with sliced apples and chopped peanuts.
title: Turkey Or Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients, except stuffing mix and 1 stick butter, together. Season and place into lightly greased, medium to large casserole dish. In another bowl, mix stuffing mix with stick of butter. Mix well and spread evenly on top of vegetable mixture. Bake at 350° for 30 to 45 minutes; just long enough to heat mixture and lightly brown top. Can be made ahead of time and frozen until ready to bake. Serves 6.
title: Peasant-Style Homemade Vegetable Soup(Serves 8)   instructions: Place meat, shin bone, bay leaf, peppercorns and parsley in kettle of water. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer and cook 1 hour or until meat is tender. Remove meat from bone and skim fat from broth. Add vegetables, pepper and tarragon; simmer 30 minutes longer. Return meat to soup; stir in Angostura. Heat 10 minutes and serve. There are 199 calories per serving with 44 milligrams sodium per serving.
title: Bee Cake instructions: In large bowl, mix 1/2 cup flour, sugar, salt, lemon peel and yeast. Combine milk, water and margarine in saucepan. Heat liquid (120° to 130°). Gradually add to dry mix. Beat 2 minutes on medium speed. Add egg and 1/2 cup flour. Beat high 2 minutes. Stir in more flour to make soft dough. Cover and rise in oven until double (30 minutes).
title: Swedish Baked Beans instructions: Cook pinto beans for 2 1/2 hours, then drain. Add cooking oil, catsup, Worcestershire sauce, molasses, brown sugar, water and cornstarch. Mix together. Pour into baking dish. Stir in cooked hamburger. Bake for 1 hour at 350°. Delicious with corn bread!
title: Carrot Casserole instructions: Mix together well. Bake in buttered casserole dish at 350° for 45 to 55 minutes.
title: Melt In Your Mouth Chicken Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. In oblong baking dish, place the deboned chicken pieces on bottom. Mix can of soup with 2 1/2 cups of the reserved broth. Pour over chicken. Sprinkle salt and pepper over chicken. In bowl, mix melted margarine, flour and milk. Pour over chicken. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Autumn Apple Salad instructions: In a saucepan, combine pineapple and sugar; bring to a boil and boil for 3 minutes. Add gelatin; stir until dissolved. Add cream cheese; stir until mixture is thoroughly combined. Cool. Fold in apples, nuts, celery and whipped topping. Pour into a 9-inch square baking pan. Chill until firm. Cut into squares and serve on lettuce leaves. Makes 9 to 12 servings.
title: Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Cook macaroni until done; drain. Grate cheese. Break eggs in blender; add milk. Whip good; pour over macaroni. Add 1/2 cheese. Add butter. Pour into baking dish. Cover with remaining cheese. Cover with tinfoil and bake until firm and cheese is melted.
title: Peanut Butter Blossoms instructions: Cream shortening and peanut butter. Gradually add 1/2 cup sugar and	brown sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Add egg, milk	and vanilla; beat well. Combine flour and creamed mixture. Roll dough into 1-inch balls; roll into 1/4 cup of sugar. Place balls 2-inches apart on a lightly greased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 8 minutes. Remove from oven, press a chocolate kiss into center of cookie; return to oven for another 2 minutes. Yield: 4 dozen.
title: Cathedral Window Candy instructions: Place butter and chocolate chips in medium heat resistant bowl. Heat, uncovered, in microwave for 4 minutes, or until melted. Combine egg and sugar; add slowly to chocolate mixture. Stir in marshmallows to coat well. Pour onto waxed paper. Shape into 18-inch log. Refrigerate. Slice before serving.
title: Blt Bites instructions: Cut a thin slice off of each tomato top. Scoop out pulp. Invert the tomatoes on paper towel to drain.
title: Tostado Casserole instructions: In a skillet, brown ground beef. Drain and add 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce and seasoning mix and mix well. Line bottom of a 11 x 8 x 2 pan with 2 cups corn chips. Crush remaining corn chips and set aside. Spoon meat mixture over corn chips in baking dish. Combine remaining tomato sauce and refried beans. Spread over ground beef mixture. Bake at 375° for 25 minutes. Sprinkle with shredded cheese and crushed corn chips. Bake for 5 more minutes.
title: Jalapeno Pie instructions: Drain peppers (seed whole ones). If using whole peppers, cut them lengthwise and line sides and bottom of a 9-inch pie plate. Preheat oven to 350°.
title: Buttermilk Corn Bread instructions: Combine flour, corn meal, sugar, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda and salt in large bowl. Beat egg in smaller bowl and whisk in butter slowly until well mixed. Whisk in buttermilk. Pour egg mixture into dry ingredients, mixing until just blended. Gently spoon into greased 9 x 5-inch loaf pan. Bake at 375° for 45 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center of loaf comes out clean. Makes 1 loaf.
title: Chicken Pie instructions: Cook and remove chicken from bone and put in bottom of pan. Sprinkle salt and pepper over chicken. Heat 2 cups chicken broth and can of soup and pour over chicken. Mix flour, margarine (melted) and buttermilk, then spoon evenly over top of chicken. Bake at 425 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Ginger Cookies instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together thoroughly; add applesauce. Mix well. Drop by teaspoon onto a nonstick cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Bacon Nuts instructions: Soak water chestnuts in soy sauce for 4 hours. Wrap each chestnut in a 1/2 strip of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Broil until brown.
title: Pina Colada Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix cake mix, eggs, oil and water. Bake in an oblong pan for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and poke holes in cake. Stir and then pour the cream of coconut over the cake while it is hot. Refrigerate cake to cool. Top cake with crushed pineapple, Cool Whip and coconut. Keep refrigerated.
title: Grasshopper Salad instructions: Mix pudding mix and Cool Whip together. Add the rest of the ingredients and stir well. Refrigerate. May be used immediately.
title: Chocolate Biscotti instructions: At medium speed beat sugar and butter. Add 1 c. flour and then the rest of the ingredients. Add the other 1 1/2 c. flour. Pat dough into 2 (12x3) loaves. Bake on cookie sheet for 25-30 minutes at 350°. Remove and cool for 20 minutes. Remove loaves to a cutting board and cut slices about 1/2-inch wide into cookies. Place flat on a cookie sheet and bake again at 350° for 20 minutes. Cool completely. Melt chocolate in a double boiler and brush each cookie with the chocolate and sprinkle with the chopped almonds.
title: Velveeta Cheese Fudge instructions: Melt cheese and oleo on low. Mix confectioners sugar, cocoa and vanilla. Pour cheese mixture into sugar mixture. Mix well and add nuts. Pat into buttered dish, 9 x 12-inch. Can be cut immediately. Makes about 2 1/2 pounds.
title: Pumpkin Crisp instructions: Mix first 6 ingredients and pour into greased 9 x 13-inch or two 8 x 8-inch pans. Sprinkle cake mix over mixture. Press nuts into cake mix. Drizzle melted margarine over cake mix. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Can be frozen.
title: Hummingbird Cake instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients in a large mixing bowl; add eggs and oil, stirring until dry ingredients are moistened. Do not beat. Stir in vanilla, pineapple, 1 cup pecans and bananas.
title: Breakfast Burritos instructions: Beat eggs in separate container. Mix other ingredients. In large skillet, lightly buttered, put sausage mix. Add eggs; stir until eggs are softly cooked. Remove from heat. Place eggs in spaghetti strainer (something to let the juice drain through). Soften flour tortillas. Take 1 tortilla; place 1 slice of cheese in center, then 2 tablespoons of mixture. Wrap in wax paper. Can be frozen. Yields 10 to 12 burritos.
title: Frothy Orange Slush instructions: Mix all ingredients in a blender until ice cubes make a slush. Pour into glasses. Drink immediately. Store unused portion in freezer.
title: Clams And Cheese instructions: Melt cheese in a frypan. In another frypan, saute onions and diced peppers in butter; add clams and their juice. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes; add remaining ingredients.
title: Sour Cream Banana Pudding instructions: Mix pudding and milk until thick, then add Cool Whip and sour cream; mix well. Put a thin layer of pudding in a bowl, then a layer of wafers, then bananas and continue until you get to the top and end with a layer of pudding.
title: Green Chile Casserole instructions: Grate the cheeses together. Butter baking dish and put open, seedless chiles flat on the bottom of pan. Then put cheeses over the top, then do another layer of chiles, etc. Finish with cheese on top. Mix together in bowl the flour, milk, eggs and salt. Pour this mixture over chiles and cheese. Bake 45 minutes at 350°. This is for a 9 x 13-inch pan. For a smaller serving, you may cut recipe in half. You will be surprised how much this dish tastes like the true Mexican Chili Rellenos.
title: Broccoli Supreme instructions: Cook broccoli; drain. In a bowl, mix soup, sour cream, flour, onion, salt and pepper. Heat. Remove from heat. Add broccoli; stir gently. In a saucepan, melt margarine and add dressing. Mix well. Pour broccoli mixture into a 2-quart casserole dish. Top with dressing mixture. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Serves 6.
title: Black Bean Soup instructions: Soak the black beans in water overnight. Heat oil in a Dutch oven. Add onions and garlic and cook over low heat until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the beans. Add the beans to the Dutch oven. Add the ham bone and the water. Stir in 1 tablespoon of cumin, oregano, bay leaf, salt, pepper, cayenne and 1 tablespoon of parsley. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook, uncovered, until beans are very tender and the liquid is reduced by about 3/4. This will take 1 1/2 to 2 hours. If it requires a longer cooking time, the beans were probably old. Transfer ham bone to plate and cool slightly. Pull off any remaining meat with your fingers and shred. Return meat to pot. Stir in remaining parsley, red pepper, cumin, sherry, brown sugar and lemon juice. Simmer for another 30 minutes. Taste. Correct seasoning and serve very hot. Garnish with dollop of sour cream and top with a sprinkle of green onions.
title: Hamburger Round-Up instructions: Place meat, seasoning, onion and water in skillet over low fire. Slice potatoes thin and place on top. Put lid on skillet and cook until potatoes are done. Stir into meat and simmer for 5 minutes.
title: Fig Preserve Cake instructions: Combine dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Add oil, beating well. Add eggs and beat well. Add buttermilk and vanilla, mixing thoroughly. Stir in preserves and pecans. Pour into a greased and floured 10-inch tube pan. Bake at 350° for 1 1/4 hours. Let cool 10 minutes and remove from pan. Pour warm Buttermilk Glaze over warm cake.
title: Christmas Party Pinwheels instructions: In mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and dressing mix until smooth. Add red pepper, celery, onions and olives: mix well. Spread about 3/4 cup on each tortilla. Roll up tightly; wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Slice into 1/2 inch pieces. Yield 15 - 20 servings.
title: Fruitcake Cookies instructions: Sift together flour, soda, salt, and cinnamon. Cream butter, gradually add sugar and cream until fluffy. Add brandy extract then add eggs one at a time. Add dry ingredients then fruit and nuts. Drop by teaspoonfuls on lightly greased cookie sheets. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes at 350°.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Melt butter in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Put sliced, drained peaches in butter. Mix together sugar, flour and milk. Pour this batter over peaches. Bake at 425° for about 30 minutes. You may add cinnamon or allspice, if desired.
title: Beer Battered Fried Shrimp instructions: Combine flour, beer and salt in a small bowl. Peel and devein shrimp. Rinse under cold running water and pat dry with paper towels. Pour oil into a saucepan to a depth of 2-inches. Heat to 375°. Dip shrimp, 1 at a time, into batter and drop into hot oil. Fry, turning once, 1 minute or until lightly browned. Drain on paper towels.
title: Zucchini Bread instructions: Mix together first 3 ingredients and beat well. Sift dry ingredients together and add to the first mixture. Stir in zucchini, nuts and vanilla. Bake in 2 loaf pans at 350° for 1 hour. Turn out of pan when taken from oven.
title: Brown Rice Pilaf instructions: Bring broth to a boil in a heavy saucepan. Stir in rice and rest of ingredients, except almonds. Cover; reduce heat and simmer 25 to 30 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. Stir in almonds. Yields 8 servings.
title: Broccoli Ham Ring instructions: Unroll crescent roll dough and place triangles on a 12-inch pizza pan, forming a ring with pointed ends facing outer edge of pan and wide ends overlapping. Lightly press wide ends together. Combine the remaining ingredients; spoon over wide ends of rolls. Fold points over filling and tuck under wide ends (filling will be visible). Bake at 375° for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Easy Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Combine all ingredients in bowl of food processor, fitted with steel blade. Process until mixture clings together. (You can use a mixer, if desired.) Shape dough into balls about 1 inch in diameter. Place on an ungreased cookie sheet. Press with a fork in a criss-cross pattern. If the fork sticks to the cookie dough, dip it in sugar and then press. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from pan immediately and cool on a rack.
title: Swedish Pancakes instructions: Beat egg whites and fold in last. Make small pancakes.
title: Cherry Cola Salad instructions: Combine water and sugar; bring to a boil. Add pie filling and return to a boil. Pour over the Jell-O to dissolve. Add rest of ingredients. Pour into 13 x 9-inch pan or mold to set.
title: Rotel Casserole instructions: Brown meat and onion. Chop tomatoes. Mix with soup and meat. In baking dish, arrange layers of chips, meat mixture and grated cheese. Repeat layers, ending with cheese. Bake 15 to 20 minutes at 350° or until cheese is melted.
title: Mediterranean Chicken And Penne instructions: Liberally spray large nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Add oil and heat over medium heat. Add garlic and onions. Heat until soft (approximately 3-4 minutes). Fill large saucepan with 2 inches of water. Place chicken breast in steaming basket or stainless steal saucepan with lid. Bring water to boil and steam chicken for 7 minutes. Remove from heat and let set in steam until fully cooked. Remove chicken from basket and let cool. When cool, cut into 1 inch chunks. Meanwhile, cook penne according to packaging. Drain and keep warm. Add chicken chunks, olives, basil, and oregano to skillet with onions. Turn to medium heat for 5 minutes. In large bowl, toss chicken with hot penne pasta. Sprinkle top with cheese and serve.
title: Italian Zucchini Casserole instructions: Spray 9 x 13 inch pan. Place layers of tomato, onion, zucchini and cheese. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and liberally with Italian seasoning. Sprinkle about 1/2 cup crushed Ritz over all. Make second layer same as first, beginning with tomato and ending with cheese, top with more seasoning and crushed Ritz. Cover with foil and bake 30 minutes at 350°. Remove foil and bake another 30 minutes.
title: Easy Lasagne instructions: Cook hamburger; drain and add spaghetti sauce. Cook lasagne noodles for 10 minutes in boiling water; drain.
title: Peanut Butter Fudge instructions: Mix sugar, milk and oleo; cook to soft ball stage. Add peanut butter and beat. Pour onto greased plate.
title: German Potato Salad instructions: Boil potatoes with the skins on. Peel and slice thinly. Fry slowly in large skillet the bacon. Drain on paper towel. Saute in the bacon fat until golden the onion. Blend in flour, sugar, salt, celery seed and dash of pepper. Cook over low heat, stirring until smooth and bubbly. Remove from heat. Stir in water and vinegar. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Boil 1 minute. Stir in carefully the potatoes and crumbled bits of bacon. Remove from heat. Cover and let stand until ready to serve. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Sausage Pinwheels instructions: Crumble and brown sausage; drain fat. Cut butter or shortening into flour until coarse crumbs form. Add buttermilk and stir until dough clings together. Knead 10 to 12 strokes on lightly floured surface. Roll out to a 16 x 12-inch rectangle. Sprinkle sausage over dough. Roll up jelly roll style, starting with the long side. Slice into 1-inch slices. Place cut side down on ungreased baking sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Meat Loaf instructions: Mix together ground beef, crumbled bread slices, chopped onion, pepper, egg, salt and black pepper. Add 1/2 cup ketchup and mix. Place mix in loaf pan and spread remaining 1/4 cup ketchup over the top. Bake at 375° for 1 hour or until done.
title: Shepherd'S Pie instructions: Grease casserole, in skillet melt a little margarine. Add beef and stir until meat is lightly browned, season meat and sprinkle with about 2 tablespoons flour. Mix well. Add onion soup mix and slowly add about 1 cup of water and cook until slightly thickened. Turn into greased casserole and spread with drained corn. Prepare mashed potatoes to make a 2-inch topping. Drizzle a little melted margarine over top and sprinkle a little paprika. Bake at 400° for about 30 minutes. Serves about 4 to 6 people.
title: Pumpkin Date Bread instructions: Combine eggs and sugar in a large mixing bowl.	Stir in pumpkin, oil, water and vanilla until blended. Stir together flour, cinnamon, salt and baking soda. Add pumpkin mixture, stirring until just combined. Fold in dates and nuts. Pour mixture into 4 greased 7 x 3 x 2-inch pans or 2 (9 x 5 x 3-inch) pans. Bake in a 350° oven about 55 minutes for small loaves, 65 minutes for large loaves.
title: Twice Baked Potato Casserole instructions: Cook potatoes in water until soft; drain. Add cream cheese, sour cream, butter, salt, pepper and onions; beat. Put into a 9 x 12 casserole dish.
title: Stuffed French Toast instructions: Mix together and cover dish with plastic overnight. Bake the next morning at 375° for 45 minutes.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together (may blend in blender). Pour into rectangular 2-inch pie pan or casserole dish. Bake in a 350° oven 1 hour. (Freezes well.)
title: Double Crust Peach Cobbler instructions: Combine peaches, sugar, flour and spices. Set aside until syrup forms. Bring peaches to a boil. Cook 10 minutes or until tender. Remove from heat and blend in almond extract and butter.
title: Garden Patch Soup instructions: Combine all ingredients in a 5-quart Dutch oven. Bring to boiling over medium heat. Reduce heat and simmer 30 minutes, stir occasionally. Makes 6 servings.
title: Peanut Butter Logs instructions: Melt chocolate chips and paraffin wax in double boiler. Melt margarine in separate pan. Mix graham cracker crumbs, powdered sugar, peanut butter and melted margarine. Mix well. Form into balls or logs with hands, then dip logs into chocolate chip mixture. Lay logs on wax paper until dry.
title: Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Cream together oleo or Crisco, white sugar and brown sugar. Add eggs, pudding and vanilla. Mix good. Add flour and soda. Mix. Add chocolate chips and nuts. Bake at 375° for 5 minutes. Shift trays and bake 3 minutes more. Freezes very well.
title: Corn Chowder instructions: Cook bacon in saucepan until crisp. Remove from pan and save for later use. Lightly brown onion in bacon fat; add potatoes and water. Boil gently for 10 minutes. Add corn and cook 10 minutes longer. Stir in milk, salt and bacon. Heat just until hot. Makes 6 (1 cup) servings.
title: Bread Stuffing instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Cut bread into small cubes. Put into large mixing bowl. Melt margarine in large skillet. Add onions and celery; cook until tender. Add to bread crumbs. Add sage, salt and pepper. Moisten with broth, as desired. Beat eggs lightly. Stir into dressing. Use as stuffing for poultry or other meats or bake, covered, in a one-quart casserole dish for 30 minutes. Equals 1 bread, 1 fat and 1 vegetable.
title: Macaroni Salad instructions: Cook macaroni; drain and cool. Mix green pepper, onion and carrots in macaroni. Mix remaining ingredients in separate bowl. Pour over macaroni. Let set in refrigerator overnight.
title: Winter Fruit Bowl instructions: Drain juice from pineapple into 1-cup glass measure. Stir in brown sugar and lemon juice. Microwave on High, uncovered, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or until mixture boils. Stir in flavoring. Cool. Quarter apples and cut into very thin slices. Peel oranges. Cut into thin slices. Cut slices in half. In glass serving bowl, layer half the apples, oranges and grapes. Slice banana and arrange over grapes. Top with pineapple chunks. Repeat with remaining apples, oranges and grapes. Pour cooled syrup over all. Cover and refrigerate several hours or overnight. Makes about 12 servings, 70 calories each.
title: Tomato Soup Congealed Salad instructions: Dissolve gelatin in cool water. Heat cream cheese in tomato soup to mix. Cool. Add balance of ingredients and congeal.
title: Hickory Stick instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Refrigerate 24 hours. Mix well again. Refrigerate another 24 hours. Shape into small rolls, about 1 to 1 1/2-inches. Place on cookie sheet. Bake at 150° for 8 hours. Turn after 4 hours. Can also use ground turkey.
title: Tater Tot Casserole instructions: Brown ground beef with small chopped onion and drain. Add 1/2 can soup and 1/2 cup water. Add Velveeta (cubed). Pour into casserole dish. Put Tater Tots on top. Mix 1/2 can soup and 1/2 can water and pour over Tater Tots. Garnish top with cheese. Cover with foil and bake at 425° for 45 minutes.
title: Toffee Coffee Cake instructions: Mix first 5 ingredients to form crumbs. Put aside 1/2 cup of these crumbs. Add soda which has been dissolved in the buttermilk and the egg. Beat well and pour into 9 x 13-inch pan. Sprinkle 1/2 cup reserved crumbs, nuts and chopped Heath bars on top. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Chicken Breasts Diane instructions: Place chicken breast halves between sheets of waxed paper. Pound slightly with mallet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil and butter in large skillet. Cook chicken over high heat for 4 minutes on each side. Transfer to warm serving platter. Add chives, lemon juice and brandy (if used), parsley and mustard to pan. Cook 15 seconds, whisking constantly. Add broth and continue to whisk. Stir until sauce is smooth. Whisk in remaining oil and butter. Pour over chicken; serve immediately. Good served with noodles with tomato sauce. Serves 4 to 8.
title: Dried Beef Cheese Ball instructions: Mix all ingredients together, shape into a ball. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
title: Irish Stew instructions: Using a stew pot, brown the meat in the oil. Add stock, bay leaf, garlic and seasonings; bring to a boil, then reduce heat to simmer. Skim away and discard the froth or scum that rises during the first moments of cooking. Cover pot and simmer 45 minutes to 1 hour, until meat is quite tender.
title: Orange Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together thoroughly and refrigerate.
title: Sensational Double Layer Pumpkin Pie instructions: Mix cream cheese, 1 tablespoon half and half and sugar with wire whisk until smooth. Gently stir in whipped topping; spread on bottom of crust. Pour 2 cups half and half into mixing bowl. Add pudding mix; beat with wire whisk until well blended, 1 to 2 minutes. Let stand 3 minutes. Stir in pumpkin and spices; mix well. Spread over cream cheese layer. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. Garnish with additional whipped topping and nuts, as desired. Makes 8 servings.
title: Sweet-N-Sour Chicken instructions: Brown chicken in oil. Add garlic, green pepper and carrots and saute briefly. Add bouillon, soy sauce, sherry, vinegar, sugar, ginger and pineapple with juice. Bring to a full boil. Stir in rice. Cover and remove from heat; let stand 5 minutes. Stir before serving.
title: Angel Food Dessert instructions: Slice top off cake to make 2 layers. Make jello using 3 cups water for both. After it sets, add sliced strawberries. Mix in 1 cup Cool Whip. Top bottom cake with mixture, fill in hole. Put top layer cake over bottom layer. Frost with Cool Whip. Refrigerate.
title: Taco Dip instructions: Mix sour cream and cream cheese together and spread over bottom of bowl or pan. Top with tomatoes. Pour on salsa. Then add cheese and finally lettuce. You're ready to dip.
title: Oven Fried Potatoes instructions: Wash the potatoes well and dice. In a large cake pan, pour the Crisco and add potatoes. Coat potatoes in oil. Add salt, pepper, garlic salt and onion salt or season to taste. Slice the margarine over the potatoes. Cook at 425°, stirring 2 to 3 times for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Big Chocolate Chip Cookie instructions: Cream butter, sugar, brown sugar and vanilla in mixer bowl until light and fluffy. Add egg, mix well, stir in flour, chocolate chips and pecans. Spread on lightly greased pizza pan and bake at 350° until brown. Cool before cutting. Yield: 24 servings.
title: Vegetable Pizza instructions: Press rolls in 9 x 15-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes. Spread mixture of cream cheese, mayonnaise and Ranch dressing onto cool crust. Press chopped vegetables and cheese onto mixture. Cut into squares. This dish freezes well.
title: Lemon Icebox Pie instructions: Mix milk with slightly beaten egg yolks. Add lemon juice; mix. Pour into shells. Top with egg whites. Add the sugar. Put into oven and brown. Chill.
title: Oriental Vegetables instructions: In medium saucepan, cook vegetables as directed on package. Drain. In small saucepan, stir together remaining ingredients. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Pour sauce over vegetables. Toss to coat. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in water and mix remaining ingredients. Chill until ready to serve.
title: Carrot Salad instructions: Cook carrots in boiling water for 15 minutes until tender-crisp. Drain. Combine pepper and remaining ingredients in saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring frequently. Pour hot mixture over carrots. Cover and marinate in refrigerator at least 8 hours. Yields 12 servings.
title: Cream Cheese Frosting instructions: Mix together until smooth.
title: Pink Fruit Salad instructions: Mix all together and freeze.
title: Cocktail Sauce instructions: Mix ingredients and chill. Serve with shrimp.
title: French Spaghetti instructions: Cook spaghetti; drain well. Set aside. Saute onion in 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring until tender. Add tomatoes and salt. Cook, uncovered, over medium heat 10 minutes; stir occasionally. Add mushrooms and olives. Set aside.
title: Black Russian Bundt Cake instructions: In one bowl, combine all ingredients except frosting. Beat with mixer at high speed for 2 minutes. Grease and flour medium size (9 cup) Bundt pan and pour in batter. (This will give a high cake; larger pans will give a flatter cake.) Bake at 350°. Test at 45 minutes and then every 5 minutes until done. Cool in pan 10 minutes, then turn out on rack. If frosted while warm, frosting will melt to sort of a glaze. Equally good frosted when cool.
title: Cranberry Relish instructions: Mix together and refrigerate overnight. Delicious served with roast turkey, chicken or ham.
title: Apple Crisp instructions: Pare and slice apples, place in a greased shallow baking dish. Stir together in a bowl, flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add unbeaten egg, melted and cooled butter or margarine. Blend with fork until well mixed. Drop mixture, by spoonful, over the apples. Sprinkle lightly with cinnamon. Bake at 350° for approximately 30 minutes, or until apples are tender and topping is golden brown. Serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream.
title: Spaghetti Pie instructions: Brown meat and drain. Add sauce, seasoning and meat; cover and microwave on High 2 to 3 minutes or until thoroughly heated. In large bowl, stir together egg, hot spaghetti, Parmesan cheese and margarine. Press mixture over bottom and sides of pie plate (microwave) to form crust. Spread cottage cheese over bottom of crust. Spread heated meat mixture over cottage cheese. Cover with wax paper; cook on Medium for 9 to 11 minutes or until thoroughly heated. Sprinkle with Mozzarella; let stand 5 minutes or until cheese melts. Makes 4 servings.
title: Sarah Coble'S Creamed Corn instructions: Combine corn, water and salt. Cook for four minutes. Remove from heat. Add butter. Combine milk and flour in shaker. Shake until blended. Stir into corn mixture. Return to heat. Cook four minutes, stirring often.
title: Artichoke Dip instructions: Combine ingredients and heat at 325° in oven until it bubbles. (Can be done in microwave, about 3 minutes.) Serve with king sized Fritos.
title: Fast Pie Crust instructions: Melt oleo. Pour melted oleo over dry ingredients and mix. Press into pie plate. Bake at 350° until golden brown. Good with all cream pies.
title: Million Dollar Pie(Yields Two 9-Inch Pies)   instructions: Mix all ingredients, adding lemon juice. This acts as a thickening agent. Pour into 2 graham cracker crusts and chill.
title: Tartar Sauce instructions: Combine all ingredients until well blended. Makes 1 1/2 cups sauce.
title: Salsa instructions: Peel tomatoes and place in large pan. Grind celery, green pepper and onion. Mix with tomatoes. Pour salt over mixture and cover with water. Let stand overnight.
title: Hamburger Casserole instructions: Brown ground beef and drain. Stir in Sloppy Joe mix, tomato paste and water; bring to a boil. Simmer 10 minutes; stir occasionally. Cook macaroni until done; drain. Mix all together and add corn and 1 cup cheese. Sprinkle the other cup of cheese on top. Bake in 9 x 13-inch baking dish at 325°, uncovered, for 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Chess Cheese Bars instructions: Mix by hand the cake mix, margarine and 1 egg until forms soft ball like cookie dough. Press into large sheet-type pan. (Pam greased). Cream together the flavoring, cream cheese and 3 eggs (add one at a time). Add powdered sugar. Spread over top of dough. Bake 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Irish Soda Bread instructions: Sift dry ingredients. Add butter. Gradually add buttermilk. Spread on baking sheet, 8-inches in diameter. Put deep cross in center with knife. Bake at 425° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: No Bake Banana Pudding instructions: Place vanilla wafers in bottom of a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Layer bananas on top of vanilla wafers and set aside.
title: King Ranch Chicken Enchiladas instructions: Cover a 9 x 13-inch buttered Pyrex dish with the Doritos chips. Cook chicken and cut into bite-size pieces; place over the Doritos. Mix together soups, milk and picante sauce. Pour over chicken and Doritos. Sprinkle grated Cheddar cheese on top. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Best made at least 6 hours before serving. Serves 6.
title: Tamale Casserole instructions: Brown sausage in skillet; pour off fat. Add meat and onion; cook and stir a few minutes. Add seasonings, corn, tomato sauce and milk. Simmer 20 minutes. Stir corn meal into meat mixture. Add olives. Pour into casserole. Top with cheese. Bake in 325° oven about 40 minutes.
title: Veggie Pizza instructions: Spray large cookie sheet or jelly roll pan with Pam. Slightly roll out 2 rectangles (1 can) Pillsbury crescent rolls between 2 sheets of waxed paper. Place on cookie sheet and repeat procedure with second can of crescent rolls. Press dough out with hands to fit. Bake 11 to 13 minutes at 375°. Cool. Spread dip over crust and decorate with chopped or sliced broccoli, mushrooms, zucchini, carrots, celery, cucumbers, black olives, hard-cooked egg, green peppers, shredded cheese, bacon bits and halved cherry tomatoes.
title: Frosting instructions: Beat all but egg white 4 to 5 minutes. Add egg white. Beat 5 minutes longer.
title: Sauerkraut Salad instructions: Bring sugar and vinegar to boil and let cool. Drain well and cut up sauerkraut. Add rest of ingredients. Pour syrup over and let stand overnight. Very important to stand overnight. Delicious.
title: Chex Muddy Buddies instructions: Measure out ingredients. Pour cereal into bowl; set aside. Combine chips, peanut butter and margarine in microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on High 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Stir in vanilla. Pour over cereal. Stir until well coated. Pour into a zippered bag with powdered sugar. Seal bag; shake until coated. Pour onto foil. Cool. Store in airtight container.
title: Momma'S Forgotten Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Beat egg whites until stiff. Gradually beat sugar into stiff egg whites. Fold in vanilla, salt and chocolate chips. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto greased cookie sheet. Put cookies into the oven. Turn the oven off and leave cookies in overnight. Makes about 2 dozen cookies.
title: Twice-Baked Potatoes instructions: Put cream cheese out to soften. Scrub potatoes and dry. Grease them with butter and salt the skins. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Remove from oven and cool to handle. Cut them in half lengthwise. Remove cooked potato to bowl, being careful to reserve the skins whole. Mash with cream cheese, hot milk, garlic salt and butter. Pile mixture back into skins. Sprinkle with parsley and paprika and bake 20 more minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Egg Custard Pie instructions: Mix beaten eggs and sugar. Add hot milk and pour into a large pie shell. Bake at 350° about 30 to 45 minutes (until crust is brown). You may put dots of butter on top and sprinkle with nutmeg.
title: Cheese Straws instructions: Sift salt and pepper with flour; fold in butter. Let cheese be at room temperature and work until smooth. Add to flour; mix until smooth. Roll thin and cut into strips. Bake at 400° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Wild Rice With Pecans instructions: In large saucepan, melt the butter over moderate heat. Add onions and saute 5 minutes. Stir in wild rice, coating with butter. Pour in stock; bring to boil and stir. Lower heat; cover tightly and simmer, stirring occasionally for 1 hour. Add the water; stir in white rice. Cover and steam 20 minutes longer or until both rices are tender. Stir in the pecans and basil. Serves 4, easy to double.
title: Overnight Scalloped Chicken Casserole instructions: In a large bowl combine soup, milk and cheese. Add chicken or turkey, macaroni and eggs. Stir in 1/4 cup melted butter. Transfer to a greased 13 x 9-inch baking dish. Cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight. Toss the bread crumbs with remaining butter. Sprinkle over casserole. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 60 to 65 minutes or until bubbly and golden brown. Yields 12 servings.
title: Lemon Chicken instructions: Cut the chicken breasts in half. Dip in beaten egg, then in Progresso Italian bread crumbs. Brown in oil.
title: Cherry Digest Cake instructions: Spread in 13-inch loaf pan. Sprinkle 1 cake mix on top. Put oleo dribbles over top. Put nuts on top. Bake at 350° for 1/2 hour.
title: Old Time Molasses Dried Apple Stack Cake instructions: Cream sugar, shortening and molasses. Add egg and buttermilk. Mix well. Stir in dry ingredients together with vinegar and soda mixture. Divide dough into 6 balls. Press each ball into well-greased 8-inch cake pan. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes or until slightly browned. Remove from pans while warm and set aside to cool.
title: Top Of Stove Biscuits instructions: Make hole in center of flour with knuckles. Put shortening in the mix as in regular biscuits. Then pinch off enough for size of biscuit. Roll up in hand. Place in slightly greased frying pan (on top of stove); continue with rest of dough. Cook on low heat, covered with lid until lightly brown on bottom, then turn over to other side. Let top side brown, uncover about 5 minutes before done. Makes 6 to 8 biscuits. Cooking time approximately 45 minutes.
title: Apple Nut Ring instructions: Beat together first three ingredients. Mix together in separate bowl all dry ingredients. Add oil mixture to dry mixture. Puree apple pie filling and add to mixture along with chopped pecans. Bake at 350° in greased and floured tube pan for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Freezes well.
title: Cream Cheese Fruit Squares instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Mix 3/4 cup sugar and butter. Heat. Add crumbs. Press into 13 x 9-inch pan and set aside. Beat cream cheese. Add eggs, 3/4 cup sugar and vanilla. Pour fruit mix over crust, then cream cheese mixture. Bake 45 to 50 minutes. Chill thoroughly before serving. May garnish with whipped cream or small amounts of fruit.
title: Chicken Mushroom Casserole instructions: Wash chicken thoroughly. Dry with paper towel. Lay chicken pieces in a casserole dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Combine half the onions with the soup and milk. Pour over chicken. Bake in 350° oven for 45 minutes or until chicken is done. Sprinkle remaining onions over top and return to oven for 5 minutes.
title: Fruit Rocks instructions: Mix nuts, fruit and flour until flour covers nuts and fruit good. Add other ingredients and let batter stand 30 minutes, then drop from small spoon onto a cookie sheet. Bake approximately 12 to 15 minutes in 350° oven.
title: Green Salad With Orange Dressing instructions: Mix orange juice, vinegar, orange zest, mustard, salt, pepper and olive oil. Shake and refrigerate; if possible make a day or two ahead. Toss romaine and watercress with dressing. Arrange small salad plates or use one bowl. Peel and slice the oranges. Thinly slice small sweet onion and arrange along with orange slices on top of lettuce.
title: Banana Bread instructions: In mixing bowl, put bananas and beat until smooth; add eggs, butter, salt, baking powder, soda, flour, sugar and milk. Grease three 9-inch aluminum loaf pans. Heat oven to 350°; cook about 45 minutes or until top of bread is brown.
title: Drunken Dogs instructions: Put everything in slow cooker. Set on low heat until evening, stirring several times.
title: Monkey Bread instructions: Mix sugars and cinnamon. Cut each biscuit into quarters and roll each piece in mixture and put in ungreased bundt pan. Pour remaining mixture over biscuits. Melt butter and pour over the top. Bake at 350° for approximately 45 minutes or until it looks done.
title: No Yeast Whole Wheat Bread instructions: Mix first three ingredients. Add oil, molasses and honey. Mix well. Add 2 eggs and boiling water. May be hot!
title: Orange Punch instructions: Prepare Kool-Aid as directed on package. Mix in ginger ale. Stir in sherbet just before serving. Yields 15 servings.
title: Raw Vegetable Dip instructions: Slowly cook applesauce about 5 minutes to evaporate some of the liquid; chill. Combine all ingredients; mix well. Use for any fresh vegetable of your choice.
title: Crock-Pot Beef Tips And Gravy instructions: Lightly brown meat. Put in crock-pot with soups. Cook on low heat about 8 hours. Serve over noodles or rice.
title: Applesauce Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugars. Add almond extract, eggs, vanilla and applesauce. Mix well. Blend in flour, oatmeal and baking soda. If desired, add nuts and/or raisins. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto nonstick cookie sheets. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes. Yield: 3 dozen cookies.
title: Oatmeal Bars instructions: Cream sugar and shortening. Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Add alternately with milk to creamed mixture. Add oats, raisins and nuts. Mix well. Spread in greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Cool; cut into bars.
title: Chinese Pork Slices instructions: Cut meat lengthwise in half. Mix remaining ingredients in medium bowl. Add meat and turn to coat on all sides. Cover and refrigerate, turning meat occasionally, at least 8 hours.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Beat together eggs, sugar and flour. Combine with corn, butter, salt and milk. Pour into a greased 1-quart casserole. Bake at 300° for 50 minutes. Yields 4 servings.
title: Potato Salad Dressing instructions: Cook eggs, sugar, vinegar and salt over double boiler, stirring often, until it thickens. Remove from heat. Add mustard and mayonnaise. Pour over salad.
title: Popcorn Crunch instructions: Boil oleo, brown sugar, white Karo and cream of tartar for 5 minutes; take off heat and stir in soda and popcorn. Pour into loaf pan and bake at 250° for 1 hour. Stir every 15 minutes.
title: Company Casserole instructions: Cook rice according to package directions. Meanwhile, in skillet cook sausage until brown, break in bits and pour off fat. Stir in mushroom soups, mushrooms, worcestershire sauce and meat. Put all together in greased baking dish. Cover with buttered crumbs. Bake for 30 minutes at 375 degrees.
title: Old Fashioned Bread Pudding instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Spray baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Lay the slices of bread in baking dish in two rows, overlapping them like shingles. In a mixing bowl, beat together the egg, egg whites, milk, sugar, brown sugar and vanilla. Pour the egg mixture over the bread. In a small bowl, stir together the remaining ingredients. Sprinkle mixture over the bread. Bake 30 to 35 minutes until it has browned on top and is firm to touch. Makes 9 servings.
title: Busy Day Cake instructions: Sift dry ingredients together. Add milk, egg, vanilla and shortening. Mix well. Bake at 375° for 30 minutes.
title: Walnut Cake instructions: Cream together butter, Crisco, brown and white sugar. Add flavoring. Add eggs, one at a time, mix well after each. Mix flour, baking powder and salt. Add dry mix and milk to egg mix, start with dry mix and add milk, end with dry. Stir in walnuts. Pour into 10-inch well-greased and floured pan. Bake at 325° for 90 minutes, start in cold oven.
title: Beer Stew(Pork)   instructions: Brown pork. Add beer, water and rosemary. Simmer, covered, 30 minutes. Add onions and cook 30 minutes more. Meanwhile, cook potatoes and carrots (salted) together until done. Add these and bouillon to stew pot. Blend flour and water to make a paste and add to stew.
title: Chocolate Turtle Pie instructions: Bring butterscotch to a boil in saucepan, stirring constantly. Pour 3/4 cup butterscotch into crust. Then place a layer of pecans in the bottom. Chill for about 5 minutes so sauce can harden. Meanwhile, mix pudding with milk. Pour into crust on top of pecans. Chill. Right before serving, drizzle a little butterscotch on top of pudding and top with Cool Whip and sprinkle chopped pecans on top.
title: Grandma Steve'S Cornmeal Dinner Rolls instructions: Cook the first 5 ingredients until thick; cool until lukewarm. Add the eggs, 2 teaspoons sugar and the softened yeast. Mix well, then add the flour. Knead well; place in greased bowl. Let rise for 1 hour or more. Punch down; roll out. Cut with biscuit cutter. Let rise until doubled in a greased pan. Bake at 365° for 15 minutes.
title: Hurry-Up Meat Loaves instructions: Combine first 6 ingredients, stirring until mixture is thoroughly blended. Shape mixture into 6 loaves. Place loaves on rack of a greased broiler pan. Spoon barbecue sauce over loaves. Makes 6 loaves.
title: Deer Jerky instructions: Cover bottom of pan with meat strips. Liberally salt, pepper and garlic. Sprinkle with soy sauce. Cover with Worcestershire sauce. Repeat layers if necessary. Make sure meat is submerged. Cover and refrigerate 24 to 48 hours. Place foil on oven racks; shape an edge. Lay meat in single layer, edge to edge. Brush with liquid smoke. Dry in 150° to 175° oven until bends, but does not break, about 5 hours.
title: Creamy Corn Soup instructions: In a sauce pan, heat soup, milk, mayonnaise and corn (with liquid), stirring occasionally. Garnish with pimiento and parsley. Makes 5 servings (1 cup each).
title: Double Delicious Cookie Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Melt margarine in a 9 x 13-inch pan in oven. Sprinkle crumbs over margarine. Pour condensed milk evenly over crumbs. Top with chips; press down firmly. Bake 25 minutes or until lightly brown. Cool. Cut into bars. Makes 24 to 36.
title: Monkey Bread instructions: Combine the brown sugar and the cinnamon. Divide the mixture in half and put into two separate bowls. Melt one stick of butter or margarine in small pan over low heat. Tear each biscuit into three pieces and roll into balls. Dip the balls in the melted butter and then into one bowl of the brown sugar and cinnamon mixture. Roll around to coat evenly. Put into an ungreased Bundt pan.
title: No-Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Combine the sugar, milk, butter and cocoa in a saucepan and bring to a boil, cooking 1 minute. Remove from heat and add the remaining ingredients. Stir and mix well. Drop by teaspoons onto wax paper, letting them stand for 30 minutes before serving.
title: Baked Chicken Wings instructions: Wash the chicken wings and pat dry. In skillet, saute chicken wings in melted butter until lightly browned. Arrange in oiled baking dish. Add tomatoes with liquid and celery. In separate bowl, mix together soy sauce, vinegar and salt. Pour over chicken. Bake at 375° for about 30 minutes or until tender. Serves 4. May be doubled to serve 8.
title: Scallop Stew instructions: Heat the butter in a heavy pot and stir in the onions and mushrooms. Cook them slowly, stirring occasionally for 20 to 25 minutes or until soft. Add the scallops and cook for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add milk and meat slowly without boiling. Stir in the mustard, sherry and parsley. Sprinkle with freshly ground pepper just before serving. Serve with crusty French bread and chilled frascati wine.
title: Scrumptious Pork Steak(Toms Favorite)   instructions: Put vegetable oil in frying pan (black iron skillet is best). Add pork steaks, sprinkle generously with salt, pepper, garlic powder and brown on both sides. When browned remove from pan and set aside. Add 2-3 cups of water to drippings in pan, add salt to taste. Bring to a slow boil and add cornstarch which has been diluted with water. Stir until thickened, put pork steaks back in pan with gravy and cover. Simmer about 1 1/2 -2 hours or until real tender. Serve with mashed potatoes.
title: Rhubarb Crisp instructions: Pour mixed dry ingredients over rhubarb pieces in a bowl. Add cold water and mix together. Add food coloring. Pour into a greased pan. Cover with topping.
title: Raisin Spice Squares instructions: Grease a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Heat oven to 350°. Boil raisins rapidly in 2 cups water in uncovered medium sized saucepan for 10 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Cool to lukewarm. Stir in egg, then shortening and sugar. Sift flour and dry ingredients together and add. Add raisin mixture and nuts. Bake for 25 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Cool completely. Frost with orange icing.
title: Chocolate Pecan Puffs instructions: Melt butter; add to flour. Mix well. Add powdered sugar, vanilla, pecan chips and chocolate chips; mix well. Chill for 30 minutes. Roll mixture into small balls. Bake at 400° for 10 minutes. Roll in powdered sugar.
title: Chocolate Pecan Pie instructions: Stir or whisk liquids; add dry ingredients. Pour into 2 unbaked pie shells. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. (Middle of pie should shake and not be too firm). Do not overbake!
title: Layered Taco Dip instructions: In skillet, brown meat; pour off fat. Add chilies. In small bowl, combine sour cream and taco seasoning. In 8-inch spring-form pan or on large plate, spread beans. Top with meat mixture, sour cream mixture and avocado dip. Cover; chill. Garnish and serve with tortilla chips. Refrigerate leftovers.
title: Date Bars instructions: Mix together egg, sugar and milk. Add remaining ingredients (except xxxx sugar). Bake in a well-greased pan, 7 x 11-inch, at 350° for 30 minutes. Dust top with xxxx sugar and cut in squares.
title: Thai Cucumber Salad instructions: Trim ends of cucumbers and scrape with fork to make a decorative pattern. Quarter the cucumbers lengthwise and remove seeds. Cut them crosswise into thin slices. Put in bowl and add chili. In small saucepan, combine sugar and vinegar; bring to boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar has dissolved. Cool to room temperature and pour sauce over the cucumber mixture. Chill and sprinkle with cilantro. Serves 4.
title: Mexican Chicken instructions: Cook and bone chicken. Place in casserole dish. Then slice onion on chicken. Slice Velveeta on chicken and onion. In a bowl, mix soup and Ro-Tel, 1 cup chicken broth and 1/2 of 10 ounce package Doritos (whole). Pour mixture over chicken, onion and cheese. On top, put rest of Doritos. Bake 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Granny'S Fruit Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs to creamed mixture. Combine milk, vanilla and oil in a measuring cup. Alternate flour mixture and milk mixture until batter is blended. Process the fruit/nut mixture until small pieces. Fold into batter. Bake in two 9-inch cake pans 35 to 40 minutes or Bundt pan 50 minutes.
title: Wild Blueberry Bread instructions: Melt the margarine. Set aside. Beat the eggs. Gradually add sugar to eggs. Add the melted margarine. Add the cup of milk. Combine dry ingredients and add them. Mix dough until flour is just blended. Fold berries into dough. Pour into well-greased loaf pan. Sprinkle top with sugar to give a sparkle. Bake for one hour in a 350° oven.
title: Pineapple Crush Cake instructions: Bake cake mix as directed in 3 pans. Combine pudding mix, milk and cream cheese. Spread 1/3 of the pineapple on each cake layer, making sure layers are completely cool. Spread pudding mixture on top of pineapple on each layer. Stack layers and cover with whipped topping. A small amount of pudding mixture may be added to whipped topping to flavor.
title: Dump Cake instructions: Can use apple or any fruit.
title: Fruit Soup instructions: Cook tapioca, sugar and 1 cup of water until white is gone from tapioca. Remove from heat. Add fruit juice (use juice from peaches and oranges), orange juice, oranges, peaches and strawberries to tapioca. Cool until time to serve. Before serving slice and add bananas.
title: Skillet Macaroni And Beef instructions: Cook macaroni, onion and pepper until macaroni is yellow. Add ground beef to skillet along with rest of ingredients and cover. Simmer 15 minutes until thick.
title: Ginger Ale Baked Apples(Heart Healthy)   instructions: Using a melon baller, core apples without cutting through the bottom. Stand apples in a baking dish just large enough to hold them. Place 1 tablespoon raisins and 1 teaspoon brown sugar in center of each apple. Pour in the ginger ale. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes, basting frequently, until apples are tender but not mushy. Serve warm or chilled, accompanied by ice cream or topped with whipped cream.
title: Chilli Log instructions: Cut cream cheese in half long ways. Roll into a log and roll into chilli powder covering all ends. Serve with crackers.
title: Crawfish Tortellini instructions: Saute onion and garlic in butter. Add crawfish (slightly rinsed) and continue cooking approximately 5 minutes. Add Parmesan cheese, parsley and whipping cream. Prepare tortellini as directed. Fold in with sauce and season with salt and red pepper. If sauce needs thickening, mix cornstarch with water and add to sauce.
title: Pumpkin Gingerbread instructions: Combine flour and sugar; cut in margarine with pastry blender until mixture is crumbly. Stir in pecans. Press 1 1/4 cups mixture into bottom of ungreased 9-inch square pan; set aside. Combine remaining crumb mixture, buttermilk and next 8 ingredients; beat at low speed with electric mixer until blended. Pour over crumb mixture and bake at 350° for 40 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Chitterlings instructions: Thaw and wash chitterlings through 4 or 5 waters. Turn inside out. Remove excess fat. Add spices (except vinegar). Add potatoes. Cover with water. Boil over low heat for 6 hours or until tender. Add vinegar last 20 minutes of cooking. Cut in small pieces. Serve with tasty cold slaw, potato salad and corn bread.
title: Parmesan Perch instructions: Move oven rack to position slightly above middle of oven. Heat oven to 500°. Mix ingredients except margarine and parsley. Brush one side of fish with margarine. Dip into crumb mixture. Place fish, uncoated side down, in rectangular pan 13 x 9 x 2-inches, sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Bake uncovered until fish flakes easily with fork, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley. Serve.
title: Sausage Rolls instructions: Prepare biscuit mix as directed on package for biscuits. Roll out dough onto well floured board or wax paper. Thinly sprinkle uncooked sausage onto dough. Roll up like a jelly roll and cut into small slices.	Cook at 350° until golden brown.
title: Quick Cheese Sauce In The Microwave instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in 2-cup glass measuring cup (about 30 seconds). Whisk in 1 tablespoon flour and salt and pepper to taste. Gradually add 1 tablespoon white wine and 1 cup milk. Whisk until smooth. Cook on High for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring every minute, until sauce thickens. Stir in 1/4 cup shredded cheese until melts.
title: Strawberry Pies instructions: Soften cream cheese. Whip cream cheese and lemonade with mixer. Use a fork to whip in strawberries and Cool Whip. Pour in prebaked pie shells and chill. Makes 4 pies.
title: Chicken Dinner In Foil(Method:  Foil)   instructions: Place chicken, vegetables and rice on a large piece of heavy-duty foil. Add remaining ingredients and wrap. Cook over hot coals, turning every 20 to 30 minutes, for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Serves 1.
title: Apple Pizza instructions: Mix first 3 ingredients together and roll out to fit a cookie sheet. Peel and slice apples; crush cornflakes and sprinkle on pastry. Place apples in row until sheet is filled, then make a mixture of 3/4 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and sprinkle on apples. Dot with butter. Bake at 400° for approximately 15 minutes. Beat egg, milk, vanilla and 2 tablespoons sugar; pour over apples. Bake again until custard sets, approximately 5 minutes.
title: Egg Custard Pie instructions: Beat eggs slightly. Add sugar and mix well. Add scalded milk gradually. Pour into 2 unbaked pie shells. Bake at 475° for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 375° and bake 10 minutes or until pie is firm.
title: Hungry Man'S Casserole instructions: Brown hamburger. Drain. Add tomato soup, onions and beans to hamburger. Simmer for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, peel, cook and prepare potatoes as you would for mashed potatoes. Pour meat and bean mixture into oblong casserole dish. Spread mashed potatoes on top. Brown potatoes in oven.
title: Yeast Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup water. Combine butter, salt and sugar in separate bowl. Add 1 cup hot water; beat in egg. When this cools, add yeast mixture. Add flour. Place in greased glass bowl and cover with foil. Leave in refrigerator 2 to 12 hours. Take out in time to rise again. Press in pan. Use floured knife or spatula to separate dough, creating pull apart rolls. Bake 15 to 18 minutes at 425°.
title: Decorator Icing instructions: Combine all ingredients and blend well.
title: Posh Squash instructions: Cut squash into chunks and steam until tender. Drain well and set aside. Beat eggs and blend in mayonnaise; add seasonings. Place squash in 2 1/2-quart casserole and pour mix over. Put Parmesan cheese evenly on top. Bake, uncovered, at 375° for 25 minutes, or 35 minutes if cold. Serves 8 to 10. Can be made ahead and reheated nicely.
title: Beef Roast instructions: Put beef shoulder in pan; heat oven to 400°. Peel onion and cut up; cut up carrots. Peel and cut up potatoes. Wash and cut up celery stick. Put in large pan and cover with Reynolds wrap and cook for 3 1/2 hours.
title: Orange Spice Tea Mix instructions: Combine all ingredients and store in covered container (i.e., Tupperware). To serve, dissolve 1 teaspoon mix in 1 cup boiling water. One cup equals 3 calories.
title: Black Bottom Cupcakes instructions: Mix together the first 9 ingredients. Then in separate bowl, beat cream cheese, egg, sugar and salt until creamy. Add chocolate chips and mix thoroughly. Fill miniature muffin cups 1/2 full of cake mixture. Top with 1 teaspoon of cream cheese mixture. Sprinkle chopped nuts over top. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes at 350°. Yields about 50.
title: Chinese Cole Slaw instructions: Brown noodles, almonds and sesame seeds in the butter and cool. Add green onions and cole slaw.
title: Layered Zucchini Casserole instructions: Fry bacon and onion in skillet; remove. Saute mushrooms next; remove. Saute zucchini; remove. Fry eggplant last, it takes longer. Put all cooked vegetables back in pan and sprinkle with flour. Stir in fresh tomato chunks, garlic, basil, salt and pepper. In large casserole dish, layer vegetables, bacon, cheese, vegetables, bacon and cheese. Add almonds if desired. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes.
title: Macaroni Salad instructions: Chop everything very fine and mix with the mayonnaise.
title: Chocolate Chip Cookie instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Cream butter flavored Crisco, brown sugar, milk and vanilla in a large bowl. Blend until creamy. Blend in egg. Combine flour, salt and baking soda. Add to creamed mixture gradually. Stir in chocolate chips and nuts. Drop rounded tablespoonfuls on baking sheet 3 inches apart. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Cool slightly and remove from sheet. Makes 3 dozen 3-inch cookies.
title: Mango Chutney instructions: Combine mango slices and salt. Let stand overnight. Rinse with cold water and drain. Combine sugar and vinegar; simmer 30 minutes. Add mango slices and remaining ingredients and simmer for 1 hour or until mangoes are tender and chutney is of desired consistency. Pour into hot sterilized jars and seal. Makes 3 quarts.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Mix with mixer and pour into 2 greased and floured 9-inch cake pans. Bake at 325° for 1 hour, or until top springs back when lightly touched. Let cool.
title: Leftover Oatmeal Cake instructions: Boil water. Add oats; stir and set aside to cool. (Or, use the leftover oatmeal from breakfast instead of throwing it out.) Mix oleo, eggs, brown sugar, sugar and cinnamon. Add flour, soda and salt. Add cooled oatmeal and mix. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Frost or dust with powdered sugar as desired or serve with whipped cream. May be served hot or cold.
title: New England Clam Chowder(Serves 6)   instructions: Drain clams; save liquor and chop. Fry salt pork or bacon until lightly brown. Add onion and cook until tender. Add liquor, potatoes and seasonings. Cook 15 minutes until potatoes are tender. Add milk and heat thoroughly. Stir in chopped clams and warm gently 2 to 5 minutes. Garnish with parsley.
title: Cheesecake instructions: In 9 x 11-inch pan, mix butter and graham crumbs together. Form crust.
title: Apple Coffee Cake instructions: Combine egg, sugar and oil. Mix flour and cinnamon. Stir into egg mixture. This is very stiff. Add vanilla, apples and walnuts. Pour into greased and floured 9-inch cake pan. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes.
title: White Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Combine flour, salt and soda. Cream the butter and sugar. Beat in egg and vanilla. Stir in nuts and chips (dough is stiff). Make small balls and flatten either with fingers or fork. Bake at 350° about 13 minutes or until golden in color. Do not overbake. They will start to flatten out a little.
title: Baked Tuna Chow Mein Casserole instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Saute celery, onion and green pepper in butter. Mix in rest of ingredients; pour into buttered 1 1/2-quart baking dish. Sprinkle with 1/3 cup chow mein noodles. Bake 30 minutes. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Simple Turkey Casserole instructions: Mix together turkey, potatoes, and celery. Mix 1 cup mushroom soup. Pour over turkey and potatoes. Sprinkle top with buttered cracker crumbs. Bake at 375° for 30 minutes.
title: Pretzel Sparklers instructions: Place chocolate in microwave-safe bowl; heat until melted. Dip each pretzel rod about halfway into chocolate. Sprinkle with candy stars. Place on waxed paper. Yield: 2 dozen.
title: Fiesta Salad instructions: Combine cooked rice, tuna, celery, green pepper, lemon juice and onion in a mixing bowl. Blend the seasonings with the sour cream. Stir into the tuna/rice mixture. Chill for 1 hour. Garnish with tomatoes and serve with corn chips.
title: Fiesta Potato Salad instructions: Combine ingredients, except lettuce. Place in a lettuce-lined bowl. Garnish with parsley and additional eggs and radishes.
title: Cornbread Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together and pour into a lightly greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for approximately 30 minutes.
title: Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together. Place 1 cup potatoes in casserole dish. Then add 1/3 part of the dry mixture and 1/3 of the butter. Repeat this 3 times. Then pour the boiling water over the potatoes and stir a couple of times. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Cocoa Mix instructions: Mix all ingredients together and store in an airtight container.
title: Cheesy Salmon Loaf instructions: Combine together all ingredients. Bake in a loaf pan at 350° for about 45 minutes.
title: Tuna Marbels instructions: Combine tuna, onion, mustard, oatmeal, egg and lemon juice. Mix well. Roll into 1-inch balls. Roll in bread crumbs. Fry in deep fat until golden brown.
title: Sesame Chicken instructions: Melt the butter in a shallow baking pan at 300°. Remove pan from oven and increase the setting to 400°. Mix the egg and milk in a bowl. Shake together in a paper bag the flour, almonds, sesame seed, paprika and salt. Dip the chicken in egg, then shake in the bag to coat with flour. Lay chicken in the pan, and turn over to coat with melted butter. Bake, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Turn pieces over and bake another 30 minutes.
title: Bbq Sauce instructions: Put all in blender and puree. NOTE: I pour mixture back into empty bottles from sauces used as ingredients.
title: Ann'S Sweet Heart Salad instructions: Cream together cream cheese and confectioners sugar. Add pineapple, cherries, Cool Whip and nuts. Save some cherries and nuts for top. Chill and serve.
title: Irish Mistery Chicken instructions: Use an 8 x 12-inch baking dish. Arrange slices of ham in bottom. Place chicken breast on each slice of ham. Mix the soup, sour cream, whiskey and mushrooms together; spoon over chicken and ham, covering completely. Bake at 300° for 1 1/2 hours. Serve with wild rice. Serves 6 to 8. Delicious!
title: Ice Cream Cake instructions: Crush chocolate bars so they are crumbly. Soften both bricks of ice cream. Leave on counter until soft enough to spread.
title: Sweet 'N Sour Chicken instructions: Brown chicken in oil. Add green pepper and carrots. Saute briefly. Add bouillon, teriyaki sauce, vinegar, sugar and pineapple with juice. Bring to a full boil. Stir in rice. Cover, remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. Stir before serving. Makes 4 servings.
title: Fried Tomatoes instructions: Slice tomatoes 3/4-inch thick. Dip into beaten eggs and then into fine bread crumbs. Fry in hot fat (half oleo and half cooking oil) until brown on both sides.
title: Pizza Casserole instructions: Brown beef and onion in skillet. Pour off grease. Spread beef mixture in large casserole dish. Add cooked and drained macaroni. Add tomato sauce. Mix seasonings and water and add. Top with shredded cheese and pepperoni. Bake at 375° for 20 to 30 minutes.
title: Black Bean Soup instructions: In 4-quart saucepot over medium heat, cook onion, garlic, cumin and pepper flakes in oil until onion is tender (about 3 minutes). Remove from heat.
title: Carol'S Coconut-Pecan Ice Cream Pie instructions: In a 9-inch pie pan, mix first 4 ingredients. With back of spoon, press mixture to bottom and sides of pan. Place in freezer until firm, about 10 minutes. In large bowl, mix ice cream and pecans. Smooth into crust. Cover and freeze until firm for at least 4 hours. Twenty minutes before serving, preheat oven to 500°.
title: Funnel Cake instructions: In mixing bowl, combine eggs and milk. Sift dry ingredients, add and beat. Heat oil to 360° in 8-inch skillet. Pour 1/2 cup batter through a funnel in a spiral shape. Fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Using tongs, turn cakes carefully. Cook 1 minute more. Drain on paper towel and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Makes 4 cakes.
title: Lancanshire Hot Pot instructions: Cut meat and vegetables into very thin slices. Place layer of potatoes on bottom of greased 3-pint dish. Add layer of meat, onions, carrots and celery. Sprinkle some of each seasoning on each layer. Repeat order of potatoes, meat and vegetables with top layer of potatoes. Pour stock into dish until 3/4 full. Cover dish and bake for 2 hours in moderate 350° oven. Remove cover for last 30 minutes to brown potatoes. Serves 6 people.
title: Pumpkin Soup instructions: Steam pumpkin; set aside. Saute onions in butter until translucent. Add pumpkin and cook for 5 minutes. Add chicken broth (salt, pepper and spices). Cook mixture for 10 minutes. Remove from heat; put mixture in food processor or blender and puree until smooth. Put cream or milk in small bowl; add a little of the hot pumpkin mix to milk, then add back into hot pumpkin mix and whisk. Put pan back on low heat and continue to whisk until soup thickens enough to coat a spoon. Serve with garnish of choice.
title: Memphis Spicy Baked Beans instructions: Brown ground beef, onion and green pepper. Drain off fat. Combine beef mixture with remaining ingredients. Place in casserole dish and bake in 350° oven for 1 hour.
title: Crabmeat Au Gratin* instructions: Saute onion and celery in butter until soft. Add flour and blend. Add milk and blend. Remove from heat. Add egg yolks, crabmeat, salt, pepper and cheese. Put in a casserole and top with cheese. Bake at 350° for 20 to 30 minutes. Makes 8 servings. Exchanges: 1 milk, 2 low-fat meats and 3 fats.
title: Harvard Beets instructions: Melt margarine in a saucepan; add flour. Stir. Add sugar, salt, vinegar and beet juice gradually. Cook until clear, stirring constantly. Add sliced beets and heat thoroughly. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Fondant instructions: Combine sugar and cream of tartar. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Cover pan and boil 5 minutes, allowing steam to dissolve any grains of sugar on sides of pan. Uncover and boil without stirring to soft ball stage. Wipe all crystals from the sides of the pan with a damp cloth. Pour into shallow pan, plate or onto a marble slab which has been rinsed with cold water. Cool to room temperature. Beat only until stiff enough to knead. Knead until smooth. Place in bowl, covered with a damp cloth or with waxed paper and allow to stand for 24 hours before using.
title: Rosemary Roasted Potatoes instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Place potatoes in a large shallow baking dish that will hold all of them in a single layer. Add the remaining ingredients and stir to coat well.
title: Overnight Salad instructions: Mix vegetables and salt. Combine sugar, vinegar, oil, water and paprika. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Pour over vegetables. Chill 24 hours.
title: Boston Brown Bread instructions: Mix the dry ingredients. Stir in the liquids and mix well. Grease a mold*. Fill not more than 2/3 full. Put on the cover. Place on a rack in a deep kettle. Add boiling water to come halfway up around the mold. Cover. Steam 3 to 3 1/2 hours, keeping water boiling. Add more water as necessary. Run a knife around the inside of the mold to loosen the loaf to remove it.
title: Cheesecake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease a 9 x 1 1/4-inch pie plate. Place milk, vanilla, eggs, sugar and baking mix in blender container. Cover and blend on high for 15 seconds. Add cream cheese. Cover and blend on high for 2 minutes. Pour onto plate. Bake until center is firm, 40 to 45 minutes; cool. Spread Cheesecake Topping carefully over top. Garnish with fruit, if desired.
title: Cherry Salad instructions: Mix ingredients, without Cool Whip, then fold in Cool Whip. Refrigerate overnight, uncovered.
title: Spaetzle(German Dumpling)   instructions: For soup or to butter them. Mix all ingredients well. Cook in salted water or chicken broth for 15 minutes.
title: Peanut Butter Candy instructions: Mix together in mixer the margarine, sugar, vanilla and peanut butter. Line an oblong pan with half the graham crackers. Spread with mix over all and pat down with remaining crumbs. Refrigerate, then cut into squares.
title: Sweet Sour Tuna instructions: Blend cornstarch and vinegar in skillet. Add sugar, catsup and shoyu. Cook, stirring constantly, until thickened. Add tuna. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Add pineapple and green pepper. Continue cooking for 5 minutes. Serve over rice.
title: Lacking Salad instructions: Mix jello in hot water and then add cold water. Add one can crushed drained pineapple. Mash bananas and add to mixture. Add marshmallows. Place in refrigerator to jell.
title: Sicilian Meat Loaf instructions: Combine first 9 ingredients in bowl and mix well. Pat into rectangle on waxed paper. Layer ham and shredded cheese on ground beef. Roll like jelly roll, sealing edges and ends. Place seam side down in baking dish (13 x 9-inch). Bake at 350° for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Top with cheese wedges. Bake until cheese is melted. Serves 8.
title: Good Potatoes instructions: Cook the potatoes in their jackets; cool in refrigerator a day ahead of time. Peel and grate the potatoes. Melt the butter or margarine. Add the salt and half and half. Grate the Cheddar cheese; add a small amount of Parmesan cheese to the Cheddar cheese. Layer potatoes, melted mixture and cheese in a baking dish; top with crumbs. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Brownie Cake instructions: Mix cocoa, butter, shortening and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Sift together flour, sugar and soda. Dump all dry ingredients into the melted mixture and beat a few minutes. Add eggs, buttermilk and vanilla. Beat a few more minutes. Pour into a greased and floured long pan and bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes or until done. As soon as possible after you take the cake out of the oven; pour on frosting.
title: Scalloped Tomatoes instructions: Toast the bread and butter it. Dice bread into 1/2-inch pieces and combine with tomatoes. Add sugar and spices. Pour into greased casserole dish and top with rest of butter. Bake at 350° until lightly browned, 30 to 40 minutes. Good with white beans and rice.
title: Baked Beans And Chutney instructions: In small bowl, dissolve the mustard in the bean liquid (1/2 C). Add finely chopped onion and minced chutney, salt and pepper. Put beans in casserole. Stir in mixture to beans and pour honey evenly over top. Cover and bake at 325° for 1 hour or longer until browned. Remove cover and bake. Serve with yogurt.
title: Cracklin' Cornbread instructions: Combine all ingredients, adding cracklins last. Pour in to a sizzling hot pan and bake for 30 minutes at 450°.
title: Lobster Sauce instructions: Melt butter. Add flour and seasonings. Stir until smooth. Add milk and cream slowly; cook over low heat until thickened. Heat slowly. Do not let boil.
title: Dandy Candies instructions: You will also need waxed paper.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Mix together ingredients and pour into pie crust. Chill for 5 or 6 hours.
title: Chili Sauce instructions: Combine all ingredients and cook in heavy pan slowly (simmer) until thick. Makes about 2 pints.
title: Barbecue Pork Chops instructions: Brown chops in hot shortening. Drain. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over chops. Bake in slow oven at 325° for 1 1/2 hours. Turn chops once during baking.
title: Pasta Ala Renee instructions: Prepare pasta according to directions. Saute garlic in margarine until soft. Add onion and bell pepper until tender; add mushrooms, tomatoes and pepper to taste. Combine sauce and pasta. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
title: Cheese Crunchies instructions: Mix margarine and cheese. Add flour, Rice Krispies and pepper. Roll into balls and place on greased cookie sheet. Flatten with a fork. Bake in a 350° oven for 15 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Oven Baked Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Wash and dry chicken pieces. Combine Bisquick, Parmesan, paprika, celery salt, salt and pepper. Dip chicken in milk and roll in dry mixture. Place chicken, skin side up, in large shallow baking pan. Pour melted butter over chicken. Bake 55 to 60 minutes or until chicken is tender.
title: Ham And Potato Casserole instructions: Mix together all ingredients. Put in a covered casserole dish and bake for 1 hour at 375°. Remove cover last 10 minutes.
title: Hashbrown Casserole instructions: Mix everything except corn flakes and 1/4 cup butter. Place in buttered casserole dish. Mix corn flakes and butter. Spread over hashbrown mixture. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Pig Picking Cake instructions: Grease 3 (9-inch) layer cake pans; set aside. Prepare cake mix as directed on package, using oil, eggs and juice drained from oranges. Stir in oranges and nuts. Spread evenly in pan. Bake in preheated 325° oven for 25 minutes or until done. Cool. Remove from pan and cool.
title: Peanut Butter Fudge instructions: Combine sugar, syrup, milk and salt. Cook until a soft ball forms when dropped in cold water. Remove from heat. Add vanilla and peanut butter. Cool for 5 minutes; beat until mixture is creamy and begins to thicken. Pour contents into a buttered pan; cut into squares. Chopped pecans or walnuts may be added, if desired. Yields 1 pound.
title: Ham Cups instructions: Combine first five ingredients and fill medium size muffin pans; round tops, meat loaf fashion. Combine brown sugar and prepared mustard and spread over tops of cups. Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Holiday Lemonade instructions: Mix and freeze to a slush.
title: Lemon Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix soup and sour cream together. Add chicken and lemon juice; mix well. Pour into casserole dish (9 x 13-inch). Melt butter. Mix together with crackers and poppy seed. Sprinkle over chicken mixture. Bake until cracker crumbs are crisp and casserole is heated through, about 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Lemon Curry Deviled Eggs instructions: Cut eggs in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks; set whites aside. In a bowl mash yolks. add remaining ingredients; mix well. Spoon into egg whites. Refrigerate until serving.
title: Deviled Eggs instructions: Cover eggs with warm or cold water, add vinegar to water. Boil about 4 minutes.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Cook potatoes until tender. Cool and peel. Cut into cubes. Add remaining ingredients except eggs. Toss until potatoes are well coated. Add eggs just before serving. (Best when prepared several hours in advance.)
title: Orange Fruit Mold instructions: You will need a large serving bowl.
title: Chinese Pepper Steak(Crockery Cooking)   instructions: Slice steak diagonally (against the grain) in narrow strips. In skillet, brown steak in smoking hot oil. Combine with garlic, salt, pepper and sugar in crock-pot. Cook on low for 6 to 9 hours. Turn control to High. Add bean sprouts, tomatoes and green peppers. Dissolve cornstarch in water. Stir into pot, cover and cook on high 20 minutes until thickened and clear. Sprinkle with onion. Serve hot with rice or chow mein noodles.
title: Polish Stuffed Cabbage instructions: Core head of cabbage. Set cabbage hole down in large pot with 1 or 2 inches of water and steam. Pull off leaves, one by one (total of about 22 to 26). Cook rice. Saute chopped onion in butter. Mix meat loaf mixture with the rice and onion mixture with your hands. Add eggs to the mixture and salt and pepper to taste. Take each cabbage leaf and put some meat in the middle. Wrap envelope-style tightly. Put 1 small box of raisins on bottom of pan. Tightly pack 2 rows of cabbage balls in same pot as you boiled cabbage. Sprinkle another few raisins on top. Add tomato soup and 2 cans water. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer for 1 1/2 hours. Serve with mashed potatoes and cucumber salad.
title: Orange Roughy instructions: Dab fish with butter. Cover with chopped vegetables. Sprinkle with salt. Cover and bake at 350° for 30 minutes. A quick, easy, nutritious meal.
title: Impossible Pie instructions: Beat altogether for 2 minutes. Pour into 9-inch (greased) pie plate. Bake at 350° for 55 minutes. Do not open until done!
title: Myra'S Greens instructions: Wash greens thoroughly. Braise meat in a 6-quart pot. Add greens, wine and remaining ingredients. Let come to a boil. Lower heat and cook for 1 hour or until greens are tender.
title: Butterfinger Surprise instructions: Mix together Cool Whip, melted butter and sugar. Tear cake into pieces and put into mixture. Crush up the Butterfinger bars and put about 1/2 cup into the mixture. Sprinkle the remaining 1/2 cup onto the top of the mixture. Refrigerate.
title: Country Ribs(Sweet And Sour)   instructions: Bake at 350° for 2 hours over meat.
title: Baked Groundhog instructions: Clean groundhog good. Put in pot and bring to a boil; cook for 10 minutes. Turn head down, cook for 20 minutes more. Remove from pot. Put in a baking pan. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours or real tender. Add 1 cup of water from the pot to bake in. Add all ingredients 1/2 hour before groundhog is done.
title: Chocolate Balls instructions: Mix confectioners sugar, peanut butter, melted margarine and graham cracker crumbs together and roll out into balls.
title: Dirt instructions: Whip the first 3 ingredients with hand mixer until smooth and creamy. Fold in the Cool Whip using a spatula and mix well. Refrigerate the mix plus the box of cookie crumbs for about 3 hours.
title: Breakfast Casserole instructions: Tear up bread and place pieces in greased 9 x 13 pan. Brown and drain sausage and spoon over bread. Sprinkle with grated cheese. Beat together eggs, milk and remaining ingredients. Pour over bread. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Vanilla Ice Cream instructions: Heat 2 cups regular or 2% milk to lukewarm. Add sugar and salt and dissolve. Pour into 6-quart freezer can. Add remaining ingredients. Freeze according to directions.
title: Lemon Icebox Pie instructions: Line pie plate with vanilla wafers. Mix together Eagle Brand milk, juice from artificial lemon and Cool Whip. Put in pie plate and let set overnight.
title: Light And Easy Alfredo Sauce instructions: Combine all ingredients in container of an electric blender; process until smooth, stopping once to scrape down sides. Pour into a small saucepan. Cook sauce over low heat, stirring constantly, until thoroughly heated. Yields 2 1/2 cups. Contains 86 calories, 0.8 g fat and 0.5 g saturated fat per 3 1/2-ounce serving.
title: Chicken And Rice instructions: Bake at 350° to 375° for 1 hour.
title: Asparagus Crab Omelets instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Put spinach, Havarti, Parmesan, eggs, milk, garlic powder, oregano, pepper and nutmeg in processor. Pulse until cheese is finely chopped. (Can be made a day ahead; refrigerate, tightly covered.)
title: Avocado Orange Salad instructions: Line serving bowl with lettuce leaves. Arrange layers of avocado and orange slices on top. Combine mayonnaise, orange juice, paprika and salt in small bowl and mix well. Pour over salad.
title: Antipasto Salad instructions: Cook macaroni; drain and rinse until completely cool. Combine remaining ingredients and toss with macaroni.
title: Sausage Cannoli instructions: Cut sausages in 3 inch pieces or smaller to make 32 pieces. Remove skin; roll between your hands	to make it slimmer and firm. Parboil, take it out of the water and brown meat in Teflon pan. Set aside to cool.	Cut peppers in 3/4 inch strips; cut	each strip in half or about 1 1/2 inches long. Parboil in same liquid used for meat. Cut cheese in 18 pieces, 1/4 inch wide. Cut again in half to make 36 pieces.
title: Salmon Patties instructions: In a bowl, flake salmon. Mix in remaining ingredients except for olive oil. Take a handful of the mixture and form into a ball. In a frying pan, warm olive oil. Place ball into oil and let brown on one side. Roll ball over and flatten with spatula. Cook until dark brown on both sides.
title: Society Spaghetti instructions: Cook meat in heavy iron skillet. Add salt, pepper, chili powder, tomato paste and water. Cook very slowly for 1 hour. Add onion which has been cooked in butter until soft, then add spaghetti to mix.
title: Cranberry Jello Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in 2 cups of boiling water. Stir in cranberry sauce. Add crushed pineapple. Add ginger ale. Put in mold and chill until set.
title: Ramen Cole Slaw instructions: Mix the oil, vinegar and sugar with the seasoning packet for the dressing. Mix cabbage, red peppers, nuts and onions with dressing. Add broken Ramen noodles just before serving.
title: 4 Bean Salad instructions: Drain the beans (drain the kidney beans after being rinsed with water). Add other ingredients and let marinate at least overnight. This salad may be made several days ahead. A can of baby lima beans may be added; also a 4 ounce can of sliced mushrooms.
title: Pickled Cabbage instructions: Bake cabbage for 1 hour. Remove the charred outer leaves. Cut the cabbage into 1-inch wedges with the core attached. Simmer the water, vinegar and spices for 5 minutes. Pour over the cabbage in a jar and seal. Keep refrigerated.
title: Orange Balls instructions: Mix all ingredients. Form into small balls with hands. Store in refrigerator in closed container.
title: Anne'S Wexford Christmas Punch instructions: Put Hi-C in punch bowl. Add cherries, ginger ale and sherbet just before serving.
title: Combination Salad instructions: Cut the tomato and eggs into wedges. Toss salad greens and celery in a large bowl. Arrange remaining ingredients over greens.
title: Chicken Enchiladas instructions: Mix sour cream and soups; add 1/2 the cheese and mushrooms, along with the chiles. Divide the soup mixture in half and add to the shredded chicken. Fill the flour tortilla shells and roll. Place in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Pour the remaining soup mixture over the top of tortillas and sprinkle with green onions and remaining cheese. Bake for 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Barbecued Hamburger instructions: Make patties. Cover with sauce; simmer about 20 minutes and serve with hamburger buns.
title: Sweet-And-Sour Chicken instructions: *I use boneless chicken breasts.
title: Turkey Meatball Stroganoff(Low-Fat)   instructions: Combine turkey, bread crumbs and garlic powder. Form into balls. Spray large skillet with cooking spray. Brown turkey balls on all sides; drain. In same skillet, heat Butter Buds and saute onions. Add flour. Using wire whisk, add instant broth and water, stirring until gravy consistency. Bring to a boil. Add turkey balls and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in yogurt but do not boil, just heat slightly. Serve over hot noodles. Serves 6.
title: Butter-Me-Knots instructions: Mix all ingredients. Grease miniature muffin pans. Fill 2/3 full. Bake at 425° for 10 minutes. Makes 36 servings.
title: Cornbread Salad instructions: Crumble up cornbread and mix with all other ingredients.
title: Pepper Jelly instructions: Combine all ingredients, except fruit pectin, in a Dutch oven; bring to a boil. Boil for 6 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in fruit pectin; continue boiling for 3 additional minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from heat and skim off foam with a metal spoon. Quickly pour jelly into sterilized jars, leaving 1/2-inch headspace. Cover at once with a 1/8-inch layer of paraffin. Cover with lids. Yield: 3 1/2 cups.
title: 15 Minute Lemon Chiffon Pie instructions: Pour chilled evaporated milk into a medium size bowl and whip with an electric mixer until soft peaks form, about 1-2 minutes. Mix water, lemon juice and gelatin in microwave bowl and heat on high for 1 minute. Stir to dissolve gelatin. Mix whipped milk, sugar, food coloring and gelatin mixture with an electric mixer until throughly blended. Pour into pie crust. Cover with inverted plastic dome and chill until fully set, at least 1 hour. Garnish with kiwi fruit, if desired.
title: Chunky Puppy Chow instructions: Melt chips, margarine and peanut butter for about 3 minutes in microwave. Stir in cereal. Shake in bag with powdered sugar.
title: Linguini Salad instructions: Cook linguini. Cut the cucumber, tomatoes and onion into small pieces. Mix together the linguini, cucumber, tomatoes, onion, salad crunchies and dressing. Chill overnight.
title: Stuffed Cabbage Rolls instructions: Cover cabbage leaves with boiling water. Let stand until limp, about 10 minutes. Remove and drain. Mix ground beef, rice, onion, salt, pepper, garlic salt and 1/2 of the tomato sauce. Place about 1/3 cup of meat mixture at stem end of each leaf. Roll leaf around mixture, tucking in sides. Place rolls, seam side down, in 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. Mix remaining ingredients, pour over cabbage. Cover and bake at 350° for 45 minutes or until ground beef is done.
title: Meat Loaf instructions: Combine all ingredients, except catsup. Shape into a loaf on a rack in a roaster pan. Spread catsup on top. Bake at 375° for 1 hour or until done.
title: Sour Cream Cake instructions: Sift the flour and measure. Add soda and salt to flour. Beat oil, sour cream, eggs and sugar together. Add flour mixture 1/2 cup at a time. Beat well. Add vanilla. Bake in three 8 or 9-inch cake pans that have been greased. Bake at 350° for about 25 minutes. For sheet cake, reduce heat to 325° and cook longer, approximately 30 minutes.
title: Glazed Strawberry Pie instructions: Prepare and bake pastry shell. Cool. Wash berries. Remove caps and damaged spots (leave berries whole).
title: Banana Bread instructions: To sour milk, mix 1 tablespoon vinegar with milk.
title: Sweet Pickle Made From Fresh Cukes instructions: Mix cucumber slices with lime. Cover with water for 24 hours. Pour off water and wash cucumber slices 3 or 4 times. (May be necessary to wash each slice.)
title: Orange Julius instructions: Mix all in a blender and serve.
title: Microwave Spaghetti Sauce instructions: Brown ground meat in frying pan on stove. Add onion and garlic. Cook until ground beef is done, then drain beef before adding other ingredients. Cook, covered, in microwave for 20 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Rest, covered, for 5 minutes. Serve over cooked spaghetti.
title: Pizza Pepperoni instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Pour into a greased 8 x 8-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Cut into squares when cooled.
title: Wedding Whiskey instructions: Melt sugar slowly until brown, being careful not to burn it. Carefully add other ingredients; cool and bottle. Drink in moderation.
title: Cole Slaw instructions: Shred cabbage fine. Grate peeled carrots into cabbage. Slice scallions (mostly green and some of white); mix with cabbage and carrots. In separate bowl, mix remaining ingredients. Pour over cabbage and mix well. Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving.
title: Aunt Sis' Sugar Cookies instructions: Mix ingredients together and roll out on a floured surface 1/4 to 1/2-inch thickness. Cut into desired shapes and bake on cookie sheet at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Mexican Chicken instructions: Place chicken pieces in bottom of baking dish. Mix soups, tomatoes, and onions. Layer chips, cheese and soup mixture. Bake at 400 degrees for 30 minutes or until brown and bubbly.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Brown beef, drain; saute bell pepper and onion in margarine, then combine the other ingredients, mixing well. Top with cracker crumbs. Dot with margarine. Bake 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Clean mushrooms, remove stems. Chop up stems fine. Mix in bowl mushroom stems, onion, milk, flour and butter. Stuff mushrooms with mixture. Sprinkle with bread crumbs. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until done.
title: Peanut Brittle instructions: Cook all until spins a thread. Add 2 cups raw peanuts. Cook until pops and browns. Add teaspoon soda, pour on buttered cookie sheet. As soon as able to handle, pull onto buttered tabletop.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Saute onion and water chestnuts in margarine. Mix all ingredients except cheese, stuffing mix and 1/4 cup onion rings. Place in greased casserole. Top with cheese and stuffing mix. Bake at 350° about 30 minutes or until bubbly. Sprinkle 1/4 cup onion rings on top and bake another 5 minutes.
title: Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Make a cream sauce of the oleo, flour, salt and milk. Add cheese; stir until melted. Cook until thick. Cook macaroni until nearly done; drain and put in a baking dish. Pour cream sauce over macaroni; sprinkle cheese on top. Bake at 350° for about 30 minutes, or until brown. Serves 12.
title: Chicken Chili Rellenos instructions: Split chilies, rinse and remove seeds. Arrange on bottom of 11 x 7 x 1 1/2-inch pan. Top with chicken which has been shredded, then cover with cheeses. Beat eggs, milk and biscuit mix. Pour over cheeses. Bake at 325 ° for 50 to 55 minutes. Serve with salsa. Serves 8.
title: Ham Roll Ups instructions: Combine all ingredients except ham, stirring until well blended. Spread 1 Tbsp. mixture on each slice of ham. Roll up jelly roll fashion, starting at short end; wrap in plastic wrap (may be frozen up to 1 month if needed). Put in refrigerator overnight. Cut each roll into 3/4 inch slices. Makes approximately 5 dozen. A great make ahead item for parties for the holidays.
title: Low Calorie Cole Slaw instructions: Place cabbage and carrot in a large bowl. Sprinkle with sweetener, salt and celery seed on top. Let stand 5 minutes. Mix vinegar and mayonnaise together. Spoon over cabbage. Toss to blend. Chill several hours and toss occasionally. Makes 8 servings. Equals 1 vegetable and 2 fats.
title: Barbecue Hot Dogs instructions: Put ingredients in crock-pot and let simmer about 2 hours. It is best to add hot dogs last.
title: Raspberry Oatmeal Bars instructions: In large bowl, combine dry cake mix and oats; stir in melted butter until mixture is crumbly. Place 1/2 of crumb mixture in pan and spread evenly. Combine preserves and water. Spoon over crumbs. Cover with remaining crumb mixture; pat firmly to make top even. Bake in preheated 375° oven for 18 to 23 minutes; top should be very light brown. Cool completely, then cut into bars. Store in airtight container. Makes about 4 dozen bars.
title: Elizabeth'S Dip instructions: Blend cream cheese and mayonnaise; mix the other ingredients, blend well. Refrigerate one hour before serving. Serve with fresh vegetables and/or crackers.
title: Fresh Peach Pie instructions: In a saucepan combine sugar, cornstarch and water until smooth. Cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly and thickened. Remove from the heat; stir in jello until dissolved. Cool. Arrange peaches in cooled, baked crust. Pour filling over peaches. Chill until set, about 2 hours. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.
title: Peanut Butter Cream Pie instructions: Beat cream cheese and sugar until creamy. Add peanut butter and milk. Beat well. Fold in 2 cups Cool Whip into the peanut butter mixture. Spoon into pie crust. Refrigerate at least 1 hour, until set.
title: Scalloped Noodles With Chicken instructions: Place half the noodles in a greased baking dish. Add half the chicken and mushrooms. Repeat layer. Add salt, pepper and margarine to hot broth. Pour over chicken. Cover with bread crumbs and bake uncovered at 350° for about 20 minutes or until brown.
title: Pound Cake instructions: Grease and flour a tube pan. Start cake in cold oven. Bake 1 hour and 15 minutes at 325°.
title: Cabbage Soup instructions: Put all in a large pan and cook 2 hours.
title: Southern Corn Bread instructions: Preheat well greased 10-inch iron skillet in a 425° oven. Blend all ingredients, stirring until moistened. Pour into preheated skillet. Bake 25 to 30 minutes. When done remove from oven and let sit for about 10 minutes, then remove from skillet and serve.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs. Mix in flour alternately with bananas and milk. Add nuts. Pour into well greased and floured loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until done. Makes 2 loaves.
title: Sausage Dip instructions: Brown sausage and drain. Melt cheese. Mix cheese, sausage and sauce. Put in crock-pot and let it get hot. Good with tortilla chips.
title: Double-Coated Chicken instructions: Measure cereal into shallow dish or pan. Set aside. In small mixing bowl, beat egg and milk slightly. Add flour, salt and pepper. Mix until smooth. Dip chicken in batter. Coat in crumbs. Place in single layer, skin side up, in foil lined shallow baking pan. Drizzle with margarine. Bake in preheated 350° oven about 1 hour or until chicken is tender and juices run clear. Do not cover pan or turn chicken while baking. Makes 6 servings.
title: Italian Pork Chops instructions: In a large skillet, brown pork chops on both sides. Drain off fat. Pour on jar of Ragu Italian cooking sauce. Simmer, covered, for 45 minutes.
title: Hershey'S Disappearing Cake instructions: Grease two 9-inch round cake pans. Cream butter, shortening, sugar and vanilla until fluffy. Blend in eggs. Combine cocoa, flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in bowl. Add milk and blend. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Jiffy Peach Cobbler instructions: Butter bottom of large casserole dish. Line with 1 pie shell, then peaches. Combine all dry ingredients. Top peaches with margarine or butter. Sprinkle vanilla and lemon extract over peaches. Then sprinkle with sugar mixture. Alternate with shell, peaches, butter, extracts and dry ingredients, ending with pie shell. Bake at 375° until browned. Ingredients may vary more or less. Enjoy!
title: Congealed Cranberry Salad instructions: Grind fresh cranberries; then add drained crushed pineapple. Make lime jello with pineapple juice. Add to mixture as well as the nuts. Sweeten to taste. Let congeal.
title: Blueberry Streusel Pie instructions: Combine flour and sugar. Cut in margarine. Add milk and egg. Mix with fork until soft dough. Press into a 9 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Place 3 cups frozen blueberries over pastry.
title: Homemade Mincemeat instructions: Mix well in a large bowl. Let stand 24 hours. Will keep a few weeks in covered jar in refrigerator.
title: Artichoke Cheese Quiche instructions: Mix together all ingredients. Bake in 8 or 9-inch pie dish at 300° to 350° for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Let stand before cutting.
title: Lady Smoked Salmon instructions: Leave salmon whole, just clean and gill. Wash thoroughly. Squeeze lemon over entire fish. Season entire fish. Wrap and seal in foil. Cook on smoker (indirect heat) at 350° for 50 to 80 minutes (10 minutes per pound) or until flesh flakes with fork, or in oven. When opening foil, beware of steam. Peel skin from upper side of fish and serve.
title: Amber'S Top Ramenlubbock, Texas   instructions: Take the package of Top Ramen and smash it till it's in small pieces. Cut open the package and put it in a microwave bowl. Empty seasoning into the bowl too. Add enough water to cover the noodles and microwave for 1 1/2 minutes. Stir and microwave for another 1 1/2 minutes. It's done. My Nan adds salsa to hers but I don't.
title: Potato Pancakes instructions: Mix all together and beat into batter. Place on hot greased grill; fry on both sides until golden brown.
title: Congealed Salad instructions: Prepare jello per box directions. Put in the refrigerator. When half congealed, add cream cheese and Cool Whip to jello; beat. Add pineapple and nuts. Refrigerate.
title: Sweet Potato Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Mix all ingredients together with electric mixer or blender. Pour into two unbaked pie shells.
title: Angel Biscuits instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water; sift flour, soda and sugar together. Add shortening, mixing well. Add buttermilk and dissolved yeast mixture; stir well. Refrigerate before using (overnight is best). Roll and cut into biscuits. Let rise 1 or 2 hours. Bake at 350° until lightly browned. (Will also keep in refrigerator at least a week.)
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Place cooked broccoli in buttered casserole dish. Mix remaining ingredients. Pour over broccoli. Cover with crushed Ritz cracker crumbs. Bake at 325° for 45 minutes.
title: Egg Rolls instructions: Shred cabbage. Dice carrots and onion. Cook meat and drain grease. Add vegetables to skillet and stir-fry until crisp-tender. Mix in soy sauce. Place a heaping tablespoonful of filling in center of each egg roll skin. Fold in sides, then fold over long sides, sealing shut with cornstarch and water paste. Deep fry until golden brown. Serve with sweet and sour sauce. Any other combination of vegetables may be used.
title: Round Steaks Smothered In Onions instructions: Trim excess fat from steak and cut into serving size pieces. Season steak with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour and lightly pound floured steak with a mallet or edge of saucer. Brown steak in hot oil in skillet. Add onion and enough water, just to cover the steak and onions.
title: Nut Cookies instructions: Cream the butter and sugar; add egg, then flour, sifted, then nuts. Drop on greased cookie sheet with a teaspoon. Bake at 350° for about 20 minutes.
title: Black Cake instructions: Add all ingredients together at once. When measuring oil, pour continuous stream of oil into tablespoon measure. Beat for 2 minutes at medium speed. Bake in greased and floured Bundt pan at 350° for 1 hour. Frost with Crisco Icing.
title: Sharon'S Special Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream sugar and butter. Add egg and flavoring. Mix thoroughly. Sift dry ingredients. Stir all ingredients together. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours.
title: Crab Que-Sa-Dilla instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Spray cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Separate 1 can of dough and roll with rolling pin until 1/4-inch thick. Place on cookie sheet with the points touching in the center. Spread cheese spread on the dough. Top with crabmeat. Roll out second can of dough as the first. Place on top of the crabmeat, with the points in the center. Bake for 11 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and top with Cheddar, Mozzarella cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and olives.
title: Monkey Bread instructions: Put yeast in 1/2 cup water. Let set. Combine milk, potatoes, sugar, salt and shortening. Let stand until lukewarm. Add yeast, eggs and 1/2 cup flour and beat well. Add flour to make stiff dough. Knead well. Let rise to double.
title: Death By Chocolate instructions: Bake brownies as on package; when done, mix coffee, sugar and water and pour over baked brownies. Mix pudding as directed. Chop candy bars real fine. In trifle bowl, put layer of brownies, layer of pudding, layer of candy and layer of Cool Whip, ending with Cool Whip and candy.
title: Peanut Butter Fingers instructions: Remove from the oven and sprinkle with 1 c. of chocolate chips, then spread the melted chips over the top of the cookie mixture. Combine the powdered sugar, peanut butter and milk. Drizzle this mixture over the chocolate. Once this is cooled, cut into bars.
title: Green Or Red Sugar Cookies instructions: Combine and mix well. Roll in balls and place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 10 minutes. May omit the red or green sugar. Use white sugar instead for a plain sugar cookie.
title: Sour Cream Chicken Enchiladas instructions: Heat together soup, chilies, sour cream, chicken and onions. Fill tortillas with 1/2 of soup mixture and roll up. Pour remaining soup on top. Top with cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Lemon Meringue Pie(I Make This Often, It'S Good!)   instructions: Combine sugar, cornstarch and salt. Add water very gradually and cook in double boiler in boiling water until it cooks and thickens, stirring constantly. Beat egg yolks and pour hot mixture over them gradually, stirring constantly. Just before removing from heat, add lemon juice, rind and butter. Mix well and pour into crust. Put meringue on top.
title: Italian French Bread instructions: Stir yeast in warm water until dissolved. Stir in 3 cups of the flour, sugar, salt and shortening. Beat until smooth. Beat in remaining flour (3 cups of flour) to make a stiff dough. Knead dough for 5 minutes, until smooth and elastic, using flour to keep from sticking. Place dough in a greased bowl and cover with towel and let rise in a warm place for about 45 minutes. Punch down dough and let rise another 30 minutes. Punch dough again. Knead 1 minute. Divide into 3 even pieces. Roll each piece jelly roll fashion and place on large greased cooking sheet 2 inches apart seam side down. Sprinkle with cornmeal. Let rise, covered, for 30 minutes. Make cuts on top of bread. Beat egg white with cold water. Brush over each loaf. Place pan of hot water on bottom shelf in oven. Place loaves on shelf above. Bake in hot oven (400°) for 30 minutes or until loaves are golden brown and sound hollow when tapped. Remove from cookie sheet and cool on wire racks.
title: Ramen Cabbage Salad instructions: Combine and mix well.
title: Orange Slice Cake instructions: Sift together flour and 1/2 teaspoon soda. Combine orange slice, dates, nuts and coconut. Add 1/2 cup flour mixture to fruit mixture. Mix well. Cream butter until light, then gradually add sugar, beating constantly. Add eggs, one at a time to creamed mixture, beating well after each addition. Combine 1 teaspoon soda with buttermilk and add alternately with flour mixture to cream mixture, beating after each addition. Add candy mixture and blend. Pour into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake at 300° for 1 hour and 45 minutes.
title: Coffee Can Bread instructions: Mix warm water, 1 tablespoon sugar, ginger and yeast; let stand 15 minutes. Add evaporated milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, oil and salt. Next, beat flour in one cup at a time. When too stiff to stir, work all of the flour in with hands. Lay on countertop and divide the dough in 2 pieces. Shape and put into 2 (1 pound) coffee cans that have been greased well. Let rise until 1 1/2 to 2-inches above top of cans. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Remove from cans and cool.
title: Swirl Of Chocolate Cheesecake Triangles instructions: Combine crumbs, butter and sugar in medium bowl; press onto bottom of ungreased 13 x 9 inch baking pan.
title: Snowball Pecan Cake instructions: Mix gelatin, water, sugar, pineapple, lemon juice and pecans. Set in refrigerator until as thick as egg whites. Whip 2 packages Dream Whip and fold in this mixture. Pour mixture over cake lined pan. Layer another layer of cake and mix 2 packages of Dream Whip and cover cake. Sprinkle coconut and decorate with cherries.
title: Mom'S Pear Relish instructions: Grind pears, onions and peppers; mix together with cinnamon, cloves, allspice, vinegar, water, salt and sugar. Bring to boil and simmer until tender. Put in sterilized jars; seal while hot.
title: Potato Soup With Rivels instructions: Cook diced potatoes (I leave skin on) in salt water until tender. Add butter; adjust amount of butter according to quantity of liquid and your cholesterol (more liquid, more butter).
title: Moist Devil'S Food Cake instructions: Mix all together. It will make 2 big layers.
title: Cole Slaw instructions: Mix liquid and pour over ingredients. Let stand 6 hours before serving.
title: Rainbow Jello instructions: Dissolve each jello package in 1 1/4 cups boiling water. Add teaspoon vinegar to each. Pour 1/2 of first package into bowl; let set. Add 3 tablespoons of mayonnaise to second half. When jello in bowl has set, add 1/2 with mayonnaise. Continue on, adding 1/2 after each portion sets. A pretty jello mold for showers and parties.
title: Cucumber And Melon Salad instructions: Peel and seed cantaloupe; slice into 1/4-inch wedges. Peel cucumbers. Slice into half lengthwise and slice thinly. Combine all ingredients into mixing bowl. Mix together. Chill one hour. Ready to serve. Yields 8 servings.
title: Peanut Butter Balls instructions: Mix sugar, butter and peanut butter together until mixed well. Roll into balls. Melt chips and paraffin. Dip balls. Let stand until cool.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Mix both cans of corn, egg, salt and pepper together. In a casserole dish spread a layer of mix and then cover it with crushed crackers until covered. Repeat again and top it off with 2 tablespoons of butter and then pour milk in. It will just cover the bottom. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Zucchini Cookies instructions: Cream shortening and sugar until light. Stir in and beat eggs and vanilla until fluffy. Stir in zucchini and raisins. Mix flour and baking soda. Stir into batter. Drop by teaspoon onto ungreased cookie sheet and bake until golden brown at 350° (10 to 12 minutes). If they are small, bake at 375°.
title: Baked Sandwiches instructions: Mix first four ingredients. Spread on buns. Add ham and cheese. Wrap sandwiches in foil and bake 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Popcorn Balls instructions: In saucepan, combine sugar, water, corn syrup, salt and butter. Cook to 250° or until a few drops form a hard ball when dropped into cold water. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Pour in a thin stream over popcorn, stirring constantly, to mix well. Shape with buttered hands.
title: Chocolate Brownies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Melt butter and chocolate in saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat. Add sugar. Add 1 unbeaten egg; mix with a fork. Add other egg; mix again. Add vanilla and chopped nuts. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt; add to mixture. Mix thoroughly. Pour into an 8-inch square pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Wacky Cake instructions: Mix all dry ingredients. Make 3 holes. Put vinegar in one, vanilla in one and oil in the third, then add water over all. Mix with a fork until lumps are gone. Do not beat. Bake in a 9 x 13-inch pan in a 350° oven for 40 or 50 minutes.
title: Never 'Enuff Bread instructions: Thaw dough at room temperature. Spread in jelly roll pan or cookie sheet with sides. Pour melted margarine over raw dough. Mix seeds and bouillon together and sprinkle on. Cut into 48 pieces. Sprinkle cheese over the top and bake at 425° for 12 to 15 minutes. Break apart and serve hot. It will disappear very quickly!
title: Layered Blueberry Banana Delight instructions: Line a 9 x 12-inch pan with whole graham crackers. Prepare pudding mix as directed on package. Let stand 5 minutes and blend in whipped topping. Spread half the pudding mixture over the crackers. Add sliced bananas over pudding. Add another layer of graham crackers. Spread blueberry pie filling on crackers. Spread rest of pudding mixture over blueberry pie filling. Chill 3 hours .
title: Green Pepper Jelly instructions: Blend green peppers, sugar, white vinegar and turmeric; cook to boiling. Boil 1 minute. Remove from heat. Add Certo. Stir for 5 minutes. Add 10 or less drops of green food coloring. Pour into sterilized glasses and seal with wax. Serve jelly over Philadelphia cream cheese and Ritz crackers.
title: Corn Relish instructions: Heat sugar, salt, celery seed, mustard seed, vinegar and red pepper in medium saucepan. Boil for 2 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in corn with liquid, green pepper, minced onion and pimento. Refrigerate overnight or several days to blend flavors.
title: Sticky Buns instructions: Grease cake pan. Combine melted oleo with brown sugar, nuts and dry butterscotch pudding. Scatter half of mixture over bottom of pan. Place frozen rolls 1-inch apart in pan. Top with remaining mixture. Place in unheated oven overnight. Next morning, turn on oven to 350° for 20 minutes. (Don't preheat oven.) When done, turn upside down on cookie sheet while still hot.
title: Spinach Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients together and refrigerate overnight. Cut the top off 1 loaf of Vienna Italian bread on an angle. Take top off bread and cut into cubes. (Place in plastic bag until ready to use.) Keep bread fresh and when ready to serve, put dip in center of loaf and dip with cut up bread.
title: King Ranch Casserole(This Is Good To Take To Church Supper)   instructions: Boil chicken and debone. Save 2 cups of broth. Mix all ingredients, except tortillas and cheese, in large bowl. Bake in two large, greased casseroles.
title: Cream Cheese Tarts instructions: Beat cream cheese on medium speed with mixer until light and fluffy. Gradually add sugar, mixing well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in vanilla. Place a vanilla wafer in a paper-lined cup of a muffin pan. Spoon cream cheese mixture over wafers, filling cups. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Leave in muffin pan overnight in refrigerator; top with blueberry pie filling to serve.
title: Light 'N Easy Chicken And Rice Casserole instructions: Cook rice according to package directions. Combine cooked rice and next 5 ingredients. Mix; place into a lightly greased baking dish. Top with chicken breast. Combine soup and yogurt; spoon over chicken breasts. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 30 minutes. Remove from oven. Add carrots; top with paprika. Bake an additional 15 minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Parboil potatoes in salt water until tender. Mix sour cream, milk and onions. Place 1/4 of potatoes, sliced, in casserole and cover with cracker crumbs. Pour 1/2 of sour cream mixture over potatoes. Cover with cheese. Repeat with other halves of mixture in same order. Bake in 350° oven until hot.
title: Apple Cider Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in 2 cups hot cider. Stir in raisins and cool. Add remaining cider and chill until slightly thickened. Add rest of ingredients and chill until firm.
title: Hobo Supper instructions: Make large hamburger patties and place each patty on foil. On top of each patty, place 1 slice of potato, 1 slice of onion, 1 slice of green pepper and 1 pat of margarine. Salt and pepper on top. Fold foil down over burgers and seal. Bake 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Crown Jewel Dessert instructions: Mix each box of Jell-O with 1 cup boiling water and 1/2 cup cold water. Refrigerate until set.
title: 4 Layer Dessert instructions: Mix well and spread in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Cook at 350° for 15 minutes; cool.
title: Chicken Imperial(8 Servings)   instructions: Cut crust off bread and shred crust-free loaf into bread crumbs. Soften up garlic clove by mashing to paste by sprinkling salt on and mash to paste. Put in bowl with crumbs. Add cheese, parsley, salt and pepper. Toss very well. Melt butter. Put chicken in bowl. Pour butter over. Cover each piece well in melted butter. Coat each piece of chicken with crumb mixture. Place single layer, skin side up, on flat roasting pan. Drizzle butter over each piece. Put into a preheated 350° oven for 1 hour.
title: Pumpkin Pie instructions: Beat eggs, then add rest of ingredients in order given. Mix with a wire whisk. Pour into 2 unbaked pie crusts. Bake at 425° for 15 minutes, then 350° for 45 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or Cool Whip.
title: Really Easy Cheesecake instructions: Mix cream cheese and sugar. Add Cool Whip and pour into crusts. Topping of your choice: cherry pie filling, blueberry filling, peach, etc.
title: Baked Zita With Mozzarella instructions: Puree tomatoes. Cook onion in olive oil 5 minutes. Add spices; cook 10 minutes. Cook zita; drain and rinse in cold water. Drain well. Place in 1 1/2 quart ungreased casserole. Cover with sauce and cheese. Bake in 375° oven 30 to 35 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
title: Quick Dessert instructions: Mix all together and chill well.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms(Appetizer)   instructions: Pull stems from mushrooms; wash mushrooms.
title: Barbecue Potatoes instructions: Put layer of potatoes in baking dish, sprinkle with chopped onion and salt and pepper. Lay slices of cheese over them. Repeat. Mix ketchup, milk, butter and sauces together and pour over potato layers. Place bay leaf on top. Cover and bake at 350° to 375° for 1 1/2 hours. Remove bay leaf before serving.
title: Chess Squares instructions: Melt oleo and beat with cake mix and 1 egg. Press in 9 x 13-inch dish. Beat cream cheese, eggs and confectioners sugar together. Pour on top of the cake mix and bake at 350° for about 45 minutes. Cut into small squares when cool.
title: Fig Cake instructions: Mix all dry ingredients; add cooking oil. Beat well. Add eggs, one at a time; alternate with milk, then add figs and vanilla. Bake in tube pan for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Sparkling Parson'S Punch instructions: In punch bowl, mix crystals with juice. Just before serving, add ginger ale, pineapple chunks and strawberries. Makes about 12 (5 ounce) servings.
title: Hot Chocolate Mix instructions: Combine all ingredients; store in airtight container. For 1 cup of hot chocolate, put about 1/4 cup of mix in cup. Add 1 cup boiling water.
title: Alberta'S Hamburger Stew instructions: Brown ground beef and onion in dry skillet and drain grease. Add remaining ingredients. Cover and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, until vegetables are tender. Add a can of cut green beans during last ten minutes. Serves 6; freezes well.
title: Mulled Berry Cider instructions: Tie spices together in cheesecloth, leaving a good length of string on the end. Pour cider and cranberry juice into a large pot. Add cheesecloth spice bag; let string hang over side of pot. Bring to a boil slowly, then reduce to a simmer, keeping the pot partially covered. Remove spices before serving.
title: Hawaiian Pineapple Salad instructions: Add pineapple (drained), cottage cheese and jello powder together until mixed. Fold in Cool Whip and refrigerate for several hours.
title: Shrimp Dip instructions: Mix cream cheese, onion, lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce until well mixed. Spread on platter. Spread shrimp sauce over cream cheese base. Crumble shrimp over sauce. Chill and serve with crackers.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Thoroughly mix together cream cheese, pineapple, onion and green pepper. Roll into ball and then roll in chopped pecans. Store in refrigerator.
title: Potluck Baked Beans instructions: Fry bacon until limp; drain off grease. Remove bacon. In the same skillet, brown beef and saute onion. Add all the remaining ingredients, mix well and pour into a large baking dish. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours covered, then uncovered for 30 minutes. Or you can pour all ingredients into a crock-pot and cook on low for several hours.
title: Party Mix instructions: Melt margarine and mix salts and bouillon. Pour over cereal and nuts. Bake 2 hours at 250°, stirring occasionally.
title: Pecan Wafers instructions: Sift flour; add salt and sift again. Cream shortening. Add sugar and egg yolk. Cream. Add milk and vanilla, then add all dry ingredients and mix well. Roll to 1/8-inch thick; brush with egg white and sprinkle with pecans. Bake in moderate oven at 350°. When done, cut in squares.
title: 1, 2, 3 Onion Soup instructions: Saute onions until tender with the garlic. Add remaining ingredients and cook for 1 hour in crock-pot on high or simmer on stove until done.
title: Mexican Corn Bread instructions: Mix cornmeal, flour, salt and soda. Add buttermilk, eggs, oil and corn. Beat and mix well. Stir in peppers and green onions.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Blend cream cheese and peanut butter. Stir in powdered sugar and blend. Add whipped topping, stirring until texture is smooth. Pour into a 9-inch baked pie shell. Chill if you want to, but it is not necessary. It is ready to eat.
title: Cheesy Chicken instructions: Take skin off chicken. Slice cream cheese and Swiss cheese into 1-inch slices. Slice butter into pats. Place 1 slice cream cheese, Swiss cheese and butter in middle of chicken breast. Roll up over cheeses and wrap a slice of bacon around outside. Place in baking dish. Any extra cheese and butter can lay on top. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour until bacon is brown.
title: Pineapple Garlic Pork Chops instructions: Combine all ingredients except chops; mix well. Place chops in shallow dish; pour marinade over chops. Refrigerate overnight. Remove pork chops from marinade. Broil 5-inches from heat 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Serves 4.
title: Creamy Potato Bake(This Is A Hit At Parties!)   instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Lightly grease 13 x 9-inch (3-quart) baking dish. In small saucepan, heat half and half, margarine and salt until hot. Do not boil. Arrange potatoes evenly in greased pan, pour hot mixture over potatoes. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes or until light golden brown. Yields 10 (1/2-cup) servings.
title: Cream Cheese Icing instructions: Mix all ingredients; beat well. Spread between layers or over cake.
title: Oven Swiss Steak instructions: Combine flour, celery salt and pepper. Pound into meat. Cook in hot oil until brown. Mix sliced onion, undrained tomatoes and remaining ingredients. Put meat in baking dish. Add tomato mixture. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for 1 hour. Remove meat and add water and cornstarch mixture to tomato sauce. Cook until thick and bubbly. Add meat. Makes 4 servings.
title: Ham Loaf instructions: Mix all together. Bake at 325° for 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
title: Mozzarella Cheese instructions: A simple cheese recipe. This vinegar cheese is easy to make and doesn't require fancy equipment.
title: Teresa'S Pudding Dessert instructions: Line the bottom of a 13 x 9-inch pan with graham crackers. Mix pudding and 3 cups milk until thick; add Cool Whip. Put half of mixture on graham crackers, then top with another layer of graham crackers. Repeat layers.
title: Low-Fat Chili instructions: Fry turkey and onion together, then drain. Mix in remaining ingredients and simmer for 1 hour.
title: Tater Tot Casserole instructions: Place meat in bottom of oblong casserole. Mix in salt and pepper. Place onions, sliced thin, on top of meat. Spread undiluted celery soup on top of onions. Place frozen Tater Tots on top. Cover completely. Cook 1 hour in a 400° oven in 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Sun-Drop Pound Cake instructions: Cream sugar, butter and shortening. Add flour and eggs. Beat until blended. Add extracts and Sun-Drop last. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Use loaf pan or Bundt pan.
title: Fresh Apple Pound Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs, beating after each one. Add vanilla and mix well. Mix flour, spices, salt and soda together and add to sugar mixture alternately with buttermilk. Fold in apples and pecans. Blend well. Pour into 10-inch well-greased and floured tube cake pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 20 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Remove and brush with glaze.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine corn and milk. Stir in egg. Add 3/4 cup of crumbs, pimento, onion and pepper. Mix well. Pour into baking dish that has been sprayed with vegetable pan spray. Melt margarine. Add remaining 1/4 cup cracker crumbs. Spread over corn mixture. Bake 45 minutes.
title: Whole Wheat Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water. Combine milk, sugar, salt, shortening and cool to lukewarm. Add 1 cup of each flour and beat well. Add yeast mixture and eggs, stir in remaining flour 1 cup at a time until you can make a soft dough. Place in greased bowl, turning once to grease surface, cover, place in refrigerator.
title: Party Mints instructions: Set cream cheese out until it gets room temperature. Then, in bowl with powdered sugar, mix together with hands until holds together and can form a ball. Add several drops of flavoring and coloring. Mix well. Add flavoring until reaches desired taste. May add more powdered sugar if gets too moist.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Beat cheese until smooth. Add sugar and peanut butter. Slowly add milk.	Fold in Cool	Whip. Add 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate morsels. Pour all into crust. Freeze until firm.
title: Punch instructions: Mix ginger ale, juices, pop and sugar. Add sherbet by spoonfuls.
title: Mostaccioli-Broccoli Bake instructions: Cook mostaccioli according to package directions; drain. Rinse with cold water. In medium saucepan, melt margarine. Stir in flour until blended. Add milk; cook until thickened, stirring constantly. Stri in Parmesan cheese, salt, garlic powder, thyme and nutmeg. Remove from heat. In a large bowl, combine mostaccioli, cheese sauce and broccoli. Spoon into a 12 x 9-inch baking dish. Sprinkle Swiss cheese over top. Bake at 375° for 10 to 15 minutes until thoroughly heated.
title: Sweet Potato Pie instructions: Beat all ingredients together. Pour in unbaked pie shell and bake 45 minutes in a 350° oven. Place on a baking sheet to bake.
title: Sweet Potato Pie instructions: Blend eggs, sugar, flour, margarine, salt and spices; then mix in vanilla. Add or mix in grated raw sweet potatoes. Pour into unbaked pie shell and bake at 450° for 10 minutes, then 350° for 40 more minutes.
title: Egg And Cheese Brunch Dish instructions: Soften and mix together first 3 ingredients. Spread mixture on one side of bread slices; lay in 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Beat eggs with milk. Pour over. Can add cubed ham or sausage. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until set. Bake, covered, 45 minutes and uncovered for remaining time. Can be made night before and refrigerated. Just bake a little longer. Can serve with mushroom soup 1/2 diluted.
title: Favorite Meat Loaf instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 375° in loaf pan until brown on top.
title: Banana Split Cake instructions: Mix crumbs and melted butter in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Beat powdered sugar, vanilla and stick of butter together for 10 minutes. Add eggs and continue to beat until it looks like pudding. Spread over crumb layer, peel bananas and slice over cream mixture; drain all juice from pineapple and put over bananas. Cover with Cool Whip and sprinkle nuts. Chill for 4 hours.
title: Almond Pound Cake instructions: Cream butter, shortening and sugar until very light and fluffy. Add flavorings. Add eggs one at a time and beat well. Add alternately the measured flour and baking powder with milk, beginning with flour mixture and ending with flour mixture. Bake in a greased tube pan in a preheated 325° oven for 1 1/2 hours or until cake tests done. For a sheet cake, bake in a greased 11 x 15-inch pan at 350° for 25 minutes or until cake tests done.
title: Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Thoroughly cream butter, peanut butter, sugars, egg and vanilla. Sift together dry ingredients, blend into creamed mixture. Shape in 1-inch ball. Criss-cross with fork. Bake at 375° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Chocolate Pie Filling instructions: Mix sugar, cocoa and flour together. Mix milk and eggs together. Combine these 2 mixtures. Cook in double boiler until thick. Add butter as mixture starts to thicken. Cool mixture. Add vanilla.
title: Bow Ties instructions: Beat the eggs until well mixed. Add butter, salt, sugar and vanilla. Mix in flour, starting with 1 cup, until you form a soft dough. Roll dough out real thin. Cut in strips of 1 x 4-inches. Make a slit in center. Pull one end through slit. Fry in hot fat in frying pan until slightly tan in color. Drain on absorbent paper and sprinkle with confectioners sugar.
title: Winter Chili Sauce instructions: Grind ingredients. Cook until thickened. Put in jars and refrigerate after it cools. Makes 1 1/2 quarts.
title: Blueberry Cake instructions: First combine butter, sugar and beaten egg yolks in a bowl, then beat the egg whites in another bowl. Add the remaining ingredients together and mix with the butter, sugar and beaten egg yolks. Then fold in the egg whites. Put in a 9 x 13-inch cake pan and sprinkle sugar on top. Bake at 350° for 35 to 45 minutes.
title: Perfect Apple Pie instructions: Place apples in crust. Sprinkle brown sugar over apples. Dust the flour over apples. Dust cinnamon and salt over the apples. Dot butter over apples. Place crust on top. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add pumpkin, egg and vanilla and mix well. Add dry ingredients and mix well. Stir in chips. Place teaspoonful on cookie sheets and bake at 375° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Potato Cake instructions: Combine all dry ingredients and set aside. Cream together margarine, sugar and eggs. Add milk and potatoes. Add dry ingredients a little at a time. Add vanilla and chopped pecans. Bake in greased Bundt pan at 350° for 1 hour. Sprinkle with powdered sugar when cool.
title: French Pastry instructions: Sift and measure flour. Add salt. Cut in shortening until the size of peas. Beat egg with water and vinegar. Add to dry ingredients and mix. Makes enough for 2 (2 crust) pies or 4 (1 crust) pies.
title: Pig Picking Cake And Frosting instructions: Beat ingredients together until smooth and oranges are broken into small pieces. Bake in three layers in greased and floured cake pans at 350° for 25 minutes or until done.
title: Buckeyes instructions: Mix butter, sugar, peanut butter and Rice Krispies well. Form mixture in balls about the size of a walnut. Melt chocolate chips and paraffin in double boiler. Dip balls in this mixture and place on wax paper until chocolate is set.
title: Beef Stroganoff For 2 instructions: Brown little steaks in skillet on both sides. Add 1 can Campbell's beef broth soup. Add chopped onion and green pepper. Cook on low heat 1 hour. When done, broth can be thickened with cornstarch.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix together and top with crushed Hi Ho crackers. Cook in oven at 350° until bubbly.
title: Deviled Eggs instructions: Cook eggs 10 minutes, then drain off water. Cover with cold water to cool eggs some, then peel hard-boiled eggs. Cut into halves lengthwise and scoop yolks out into bowl. Mash with fork until real fine, add mustard, Miracle Whip, sugar, salt and pepper. Spoon into egg halves and sprinkle with paprika.
title: Vegetable Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients and refrigerate. Serve with variety of fresh vegetables.
title: Oatmeal Molasses Drop Cookies instructions: Cream together sugar and shortening. Add eggs and molasses; mix well. Mix flour, cinnamon, soda, salt and oats, then add to first mixture. Add nuts and raisins to mixture. Drop by teaspoon. Bake 8 to 10 minutes at 375° to 400°. Makes about 5 dozen 2 1/2-inch cookies.
title: Honey-Lime Sea Scallops(For The Microwave)   instructions: Combine ingredients. Add scallops and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour (stir occasionally). Remove scallops from marinade. Reserve. Thread scallops on 4 skewers. Place skewers in shallow microwave dish and cover with plastic wrap. Vent corner. Cook 3 to 4 minutes on High (100%). Rotate dish 1/4 turn halfway. Let stand 2 minutes.
title: Chicken And Rice Casserole instructions: Spread rice in bottom of large casserole. Put chicken on top of rice. Mix soup and water and pour over chicken. Add onions and other ingredients if desired. Cover. Bake at 350° about 1 to 1 1/4 hours or until chicken and rice are tender.
title: Toffee Bars instructions: Cream shortening and brown sugar together. Add egg yolk and vanilla. Add, by hand, flour (will be very heavy and dry). Grease cookie sheet (jelly roll pan works best), spread dough in by hand and pat down. Bake at 350° for 12 to 15 minutes (or less) until slightly brown.
title: Best Cake In The World instructions: Bake cake mix as directed on package in 9 x 13-inch pan. Boil for 5 minutes the pineapple with juice and the sugar. Pour on top of hot cake and cool. Add bananas on top. Sprinkle with instant vanilla pudding. Top with Cool Whip, then sprinkle with coconut, nuts and cherries. Put in refrigerator for a day or two.
title: Ham Casserole instructions: Cut up ham in small pieces and mix in with the potatoes, eggs and cheese that have been cut into chunks. Add the mayonnaise and mix well. Put in baking dish and bake, covered, 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Green Bean Casserole instructions: Melt butter and flour, then slowly add milk, cheese, tabasco, soy sauce and rest of seasonings until thick. Layer beans, mushrooms and water chestnuts in a greased 9x13 pan. Pour cheese mixture on top. Sprinkle sliced almonds on top if desired. Bake 350 degrees for one hour.
title: Polish Sausage And Lentils instructions: Rinse lentils. Put in large saucepan with salted water to cover and cook over low heat for about 20 minutes or until tender and still holding shape. Drain and reserve liquid.
title: Apple Pie Candied Crust instructions: Slice apples directly into pie plate. Mix remaining ingredients to a crumbly consistency and spread on top of apples. Bake for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Seven Layer Salad instructions: Layer first six ingredients in large salad bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Add cheese and toss before serving.
title: Microwave Chili instructions: Combine meat, onion and garlic in a large casserole. Cover and cook at High setting for 10 minutes or until meat loses its reddish color, stirring once or twice. Add remaining ingredients, mixing thoroughly. Cover casserole and heat until mixture comes to a boil. Reduce microwave temperature to Slow or Defrost and cook for about 1 hour, stirring a few times. After cooking, allow chili to stand for a few minutes before serving.
title: Applesauce Pecan Bread instructions: Beat eggs until foamy, stir in applesauce, sugar, oil and milk. Gradually add dry ingredients, stir in nuts and candied fruit. Spread in greased 9 x 5 x 3 inch pan. Sprinkle on top cinnamon, brown sugar and chopped pecans, press lightly with hand. Bake 350° for 1 hour. Can sprinkle confectionary sugar to cover top last 1/2 hour if too brown.
title: Crab Mold(Dip)   instructions: Cream mayonnaise and cream cheese together. Warm soup in small pan. Dissolve gelatin in water and add to soup. Add onions, celery, pimentos and seasonings into cream cheese mixture. Pour soup into cream cheese mixture; stir well. Add crab; mix well. Pour into a mold. Refrigerate 1 hour or more. Can serve from bowl like a dip or loosen by setting mold in hot water until side of mixture loosens from mold pan, then turn onto dish and serve with crackers or vegetables.
title: Fruit Dip instructions: Mix dry pudding mix with Cool Whip and add spices. Stir in the Amaretto to taste. Serve with fresh fruit dippers.
title: Shrimp Cheese Ball instructions: Combine all ingredients (except nuts) and chill for several hours. Form into balls and roll in nuts. Serve with crackers.
title: Miniature Cheesecakes(1 Dozen)   instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Line 12 muffin cups with cupcake papers. In a small bowl, mix the graham cracker crumbs and melted margarine together. Divide the cracker mixture among the 12 cups, then press into the cups.
title: Chocolate Zucchini Cake instructions: Cream together sugars, eggs, margarine and oil. Add vanilla and sour milk. Add dry ingredients and mix well. Add zucchini and mix. Pour into a greased and floured 9 x 13 pan. Sprinkle with chocolate chips and walnuts. Bake at 325° for 40 to 45 minutes or until center is firm.
title: Gelatin Trifle instructions: Dissolve jello in hot water. Combine cold water and ice cubes to make 1 1/4 cups. Add to jello, stirring until slightly thickened. Stir in strawberries and bananas. Place cake cubes in large bowl. Sprinkle with orange juice. Spoon jello mixture over cake and chill 10 to 15 minutes. Mix pudding; let stand a few minutes to thicken. Fold in Cool Whip. Spoon over jello in bowl. Chill. Garnish with Cool Whip and whole strawberries.
title: Chicken-Rice Casserole instructions: Drain mushrooms; reserve liquid. Combine liquid and enough hot water to make 1 cup. Add bouillon cube. Saute onion and mushrooms in butter in skillet; stir in flour. Gradually add bouillon and cream. Cook over medium heat until mixture thickens. Add rice, chicken, parsley, salt and pepper.
title: Spanish Rice instructions: Brown onions lightly in shortening. Add meat. Break up particles so meat mixture is very fine. When brown, drain and add peppers, tomato juice and water. Add rice. Season to taste, stirring well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Let simmer about 30 minutes or until peppers are tender.
title: Old Fashioned Pot Roast instructions: Trim roast; salt and pepper. Sprinkle with flour and pat all sides of roast to be sure it is well coated with seasonings and flour. Heat oil in a Dutch oven; brown all sides of the roast, remove and set aside. If there is not enough oil remaining in the Dutch oven, add a little more and make a roux by browning some of the remaining flour in the oil and then adding water. Return roast to pan with the onion; cover and bring to a slow boil. Lower heat and cook slowly for 1 to 2 hours depending on size of the roast. The last 30 minutes, add potatoes and carrots. Serve with rice and salad for a full meal.
title: Mexican Cornbread instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Grease an 8 x 11-inch pan. Combine cornmeal, salt and soda; blend well. Stir in bacon grease. Add sour cream, corn and eggs, mixing well. Spoon half of the batter into prepared pan. Sprinkle with cheese and chilies. Cover with remaining cornbread batter. Bake at 375° for 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Scalloped Corn instructions: Put corn in baking dish. Beat eggs and add sugar and milk. Pour over corn. Crumble crackers; melt butter and stir together. Sprinkle over top and cook at 325° for 45 minutes or until brown.
title: Pineapple Chutney instructions: Combine both mixtures together. Put in smaller containers and cover (such as plastic butter dish). Refrigerate/chill. Serve with crackers or vegetables as dip.
title: Cranberry Jello instructions: Cook cranberries in water on high until all cranberries pop. Add Jell-O and sugar. Add pineapple, apples and nuts. Chill.
title: Pea Soup(Reduced Fat)   instructions: Heat all ingredients until boiling; then simmer until peas are done (about 2 to 3 hours).
title: Brownies instructions: Cream margarine, sugar and vanilla. Beat in eggs. Blend in cocoa, then stir in flour and nuts. Pour into a small pan and cook at 325° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Applesauce Bread instructions: In large bowl, sift together the first 6 ingredients. Cut in margarine with fork. The mixture should resemble coarse crumbs. Stir in granola cereal. In small mixing bowl, beat eggs. Stir in applesauce. Fold egg mixture into dry ingredients; mix until just moist. Pour into greased 8 x 4-inch loaf pan. Bake in a 350° oven for 50 to 60 minutes.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Mix butter, salt, pepper, flour and milk. Cook until smooth and bubbly. Boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add corn and eggs. Pour into greased dish and sprinkle with Ritz cracker crumbs. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: French Silk Pie instructions: Cream butter and sugar on high speed for at least 10 minutes. Add melted chocolate and continue beating on high speed for another 10 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating on high speed for 10 minutes between each egg. Add vanilla. Mix well. Mixture wil be very creamy and rather thin. Pour into cooled, baked 8-inch pie crust and place in refrigerator until firm, 2 to 3 hours. Serve very thin slices since this is very rich! Garnish with whipped cream.
title: Preacher'S Cookies instructions: Mix milk, butter, sugar, cocoa and salt. Bring to rolling boil over medium heat. Remove from heat. Add oatmeal, peanut butter and vanilla; mix well. Drop by spoon onto large cookie sheet or wax paper. Cool and enjoy.
title: Sour Cream Pound Cake instructions: Have margarine and eggs at room temperature. Beat margarine until creamy; add sugar and beat until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating for 1 minute after each addition, then 2 minutes more after all eggs have been added. Sift together flour, baking soda and salt. Add to sugar mixture alternately with sour cream, beginning and ending with flour. Add flavorings and beat until well blended. Pour into 10-inch Bundt pan and bake for 1 1/2 hours at 350°. Cool on rack for 15 minutes before removing from pan. Sprinkle with powdered sugar when cool.
title: Lucy Anne'S Quick Dessert instructions: Mix all the ingredients until creamy. Take 30 Ritz crackers and melt butter or margarine over them. Sprinkle on top of dessert and refrigerate. Crush crackers.
title: Lefse(Norwegian)   instructions: Add mashed potatoes, butter and milk. Let cool. Once cool, add 1 cup flour. Knead until smooth. Heat electric frypan to 400°. Take a large spoonful and roll it out until it is flat and thin (but thick enough to pick up with a spatula). "Fry" dry (no oil in pan); turn and bake other side. Should have light brown spots, but be soft and flexible.
title: Peanut Butter Pound Cake instructions: Cream the peanut butter, oil, Crisco and sugar. Add eggs one at a time. Add flour, baking powder, salt, milk and vanilla; mix well. Take out 1 1/2 cups of batter. Add cocoa to that and mix. Pour batter in greased tube pan. Then take cocoa batter and whirl into batter a few times. Try not to hit sides of pan. Put pan of water under cake to keep moist while baking. Bake 1 1/2 hours at 325°.
title: Vegetable Medley instructions: Mix ingredients using 1/2 of cheese and 1/2 onion. Put in a casserole dish. Bake 25 minutes at 350°. Add rest of onion and cheese. Put back in oven another 5 minutes.
title: Beer Cheese Soup instructions: Saute vegetables in margarine until tender, but not browned. Blend in flour, dry mustard and chicken broth. Cook at least 5 minutes. Blend in Cheddar cheese, Parmesan cheese and beer. Let simmer at least 10 minutes. Season and serve with French bread and tossed salad.
title: Diabetic Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cook raisins in water until water evaporates. Add to applesauce, eggs, water and oil; mix well. Blend soda and flour. Add cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Pour into 2 (8 x 8-inch) cake pans or greased loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes or until done.
title: Lavender Lemonade instructions: Combine lemonade and 1 gallon cold water. Steep lavender for 10 minutes in boiling water. Strain and pour into lemonade mix. Great for entertaining at showers, etc.
title: Pizza Crust instructions: Dissolve yeast in water. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir in flour, salt and oil. Knead until a smooth ball. Let rise in a greased, covered bowl about 10 minutes. Pat in a greased pizza pan or cookie sheet. Bake at 425° for 20 to 25 minutes. I double this recipe for an easier to handle, thicker crust!
title: Marvelous Fruity Melody instructions: Combine all ingredients, mixing well. Chill about 1 hour. Makes 12 servings.
title: Beefy Cheese Ball instructions: Combine all ingredients except nuts. Shape into a ball and roll in nuts. Chill and serve with wheat crackers.
title: Magnolia Date Nut Roll instructions: Mix all ingredients together well. Roll into long log roll and chill in refrigerator for about 12 hours. Slice and serve.
title: Fresh Berry Coffee Cake instructions: Sift 1 1/2 cups flour, baking powder and salt into bowl. Cream 1/2 cup margarine and 1 cup sugar in mixer bowl until smooth. Add eggs 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add vanilla and sour cream; mix well. Add flour mixture alternately with milk, mixing well after each addition and beginning and ending with flour mixture. Spoon half the batter into greased 9-inch baking pan. Top with blueberries, then remaining batter. Combine remaining 1/3 cup sugar, 1/4 cup flour and cinnamon in small bowl; mix well. Cut in butter until crumbly. Sprinkle over batter. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on wire rack for 5 minutes. Serve warm. Yield: 9 servings.
title: Salmon Patties instructions: Remove skin and bones from salmon. In a large mixing bowl, flake salmon with a fork. Add bread crumbs, minced onion, green onions, beaten egg, milk and butter. Mix well. Shape into patties. Fry in deep fat until brown.
title: Old-Fashioned Tea Cakes instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Mix together everything except the flour. Stir in flour just to mix and roll out the dough. Cut into desired shapes. Bake on ungreased cookie sheets for 12 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle tops with sugar before removing cookies from pan. Cool on wire racks.
title: Indonesian Marinade(Yields 4 Portions)   instructions: Marinate chicken or shrimp for 15 minutes and broil.
title: Breakfast Blintz Souffle instructions: Melt butter in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Put frozen blintzes in dish and coat well with butter. Mix remaining ingredients with electric mixer and pour over blintzes. Be sure to cover all. Bake 50 minutes at 350°. Serve with applesauce, sour cream or jam.
title: Tirami Su instructions: Beat egg whites until fluffy. Blend in sugar and salt. Place Mascarpone in bowl; stir until smooth. Blend into egg mixture. Add Marsala; beat until fluffy. Place enough ladyfingers to cover bottom of dish. Brush with sweetened Espresso (do not soak cookies). Place 1/2 of cheese mixture over ladyfingers. Dust with chocolate powder. Repeat process, placing another layer of ladyfingers on top of first layer. Brush with Espresso. Put in remaining cheese mixture; dust with chocolate powder. Chill before serving.
title: Spinach Cheese Bake instructions: Drain spinach thoroughly, squeezing out liquid. In skillet, cook sausage until brown; drain fat. Stir in tomato sauce; set aside. In large bowl, combine drained spinach, cottage cheese, Parmesan and egg; spread mixture in bottom of 12 x 7 1/2 x 2-inch baking dish. Spoon sausage mixture over spinach mixture. Top with Mozzarella; cover and chill several hours or overnight. Before serving, sprinkle croutons over cheese. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes. Serves 8. Contains 344 calories, 20 gr. fat, 86 mg. cholesterol.
title: Best Chocolate Chip Pie instructions: In a small bowl, beat eggs. Gradually add sugar. Mix until blended. Add melted butter and bourbon. Blend in cornstarch. Stir in pecans and chocolate chips. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake in a 350° oven for 45 minutes. Cool 1 hour. Serve warm topped with bourbon flavored topping.
title: Sarah'S Banana Pudding instructions: In medium saucepan, combine cornstarch, sugar and salt. Stir in milk and evaporated milk. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until pudding coats spoon, about 10 minutes.
title: Devil'S Food Cake instructions: Bring first 4 ingredients to a boil. Sift together next 3 ingredients. Mix together next 5 ingredients. Add dry mixture to cocoa mixture, then add egg mixture. Stir well.
title: Peanutty Fudge Rounds instructions: In a medium bowl, stir together peanut butter and softened butter. Add powdered sugar, milk and vanilla. Stir until well combined. Stir in peanuts. Shape the mixture into two 10-inch rolls. Set aside.
title: Hush Puppies instructions: Combine flour, baking powder, meal, sugar and salt in a medium sized mixing bowl. Stir together. Add chopped onion, egg and beer. Mix thoroughly. Heat oil. Drop mixture by teaspoons into hot oil; fry until brown.
title: Great Pumpkin Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine flour, oats, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Cream the butter. Gradually add egg; mix well. Alternately add dry ingredients with pumpkin, mixing well after each addition. Stir in morsels. For each cookie, drop 1/4 cup of dough. Spread into a pumpkin shape. Add a bit to the top to form a stem. (M&M's candies may be added for eyes, nose and mouth.) Yields 20 cookies.
title: Zucchini-Carrot Casserole instructions: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat; add zucchini, carrots and onion and saut 8 to 10 minutes or until tender. Remove from heat; stir in sour cream and next 3 ingredients. Spoon into lightly greased 1-quart baking dish. Sprinkle with breadcrumbs. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes or until thoroughly heated. Yield: 4 servings.
title: Hot Cider Dressing For Spinach Salad instructions: Combine apple juice and onion in medium non-aluminum saucepan. Cook over medium heat 4 minutes or until onion is tender. Add remaining ingredients. Stir well. Bring mix to a boil over medium heat. Cook 1 minute or until thickened, stirring constantly. Serve warm over spinach salad. Yields 1 1/2 cups.
title: Rancho De Chili instructions: Brown meat with onion and pepper. Add rest of ingredients in large kettle. Bring to slow bowl and simmer for 2 hours.
title: Mary'S Egg Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients. Beat egg whites and fold in last. Bake in uncooked pie crust for 10 minutes in a 400° oven, then reduce heat to 350° and bake 35 to 40 minutes longer. Do not overcook.
title: Shrimp Ball instructions: Mix soup and gelatine and heat slightly. Mix remaining ingredients and heat slightly; add to mixture. Form into two balls and chill for several hours.
title: Maple Pecan Corn Bread instructions: Combine flour, corn meal, baking powder, soda and salt. Set aside. In a mixing bowl, combine margarine, sugar and eggs; mix well. Add syrup and buttermilk. Stir in dry ingredients just until moistened. Stir in pecans. Pour into a greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2-inch loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until bread tests done. Cool for 10 minutes in pan.
title: Carrot-Raisin Salad instructions: Combine carrots, raisins and chopped walnuts in a bowl. Combine remaining ingredients, stirring well. Add carrot mixture. Toss gently.
title: Broccoli Bake instructions: Cook and drain broccoli. Place in shallow baking dish. Mix together soup, eggs and mayonnaise. Pour over broccoli and sprinkle bread crumbs on top. Bake.
title: Herbed Pineapple Refresher instructions: Place ginger, a little at a time, in a garlic press to extract juice (you should have about 1 1/2 teaspoons). In a blender container or food processor bowl, combine ginger juice, pineapple juice, orange juice, yogurt, lime juice and cilantro. Cover and blend or process until nearly smooth. Serve immediately. Makes about 6 servings.
title: Sandra'S Baked Beans instructions: Mix ingredients together and bake in a casserole dish at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Broccoli Rice Casserole instructions: Cook rice and broccoli separately. Saute onion in 1/2 stick of margarine. Mix all in casserole dish; bake until mixture and cheese are melted.
title: Fresh Strawberry Pie instructions: Cook water and cornstarch on medium heat until bubbles form. Stir constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in sweetener and Jell-O. Let cool. Add berries and pour in baked graham cracker crust. Cool and serve with Cool Whip.
title: Old Fashioned Popovers instructions: Turn oven on to 450°. Grease a 6-cup muffin tin with butter that is at room temperature. (Grease even if using a nonstick pan.)
title: No Bake Cookies instructions: In large pan, mix oleo, sugar, peanut butter and milk. Bring to a boil for one minute; remove from heat; add oats and vanilla. Stir until oats are mixed; drop by teaspoonful on sheets of wax paper. Let cool.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: In blender, grind oranges and use juice for grinding apples. Then grind cranberries with water. Strain. Mix sugar with cranberries. Mix jello with water, then fold in other ingredients.
title: Swedish Meat Balls instructions: Mix together lightly ground beef, bread crumbs, egg, milk, onion, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Gently form into small balls (1 1/2-inches). Brown in hot fat. Add about 1/4 cup hot water. Cover. Simmer 20 minutes. Serve hot with slightly thickened pan gravy. Makes 6 servings.
title: Baked Apples instructions: Wash and core apples. Place in covered baking dish. Fill center of apple with margarine. Mix sugar, cornstarch and cinnamon. Sprinkle over apples. Cover apples half way with water. Stir mixture. Bake at 350° until apples are tender. Spoon mixture over apples often while cooking.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream together butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.	Sift dry ingredients together and add to creamed mixture. Add bananas and nuts. Pour into well greased loaf pans and bake at 250° to 300° from 1 to 2 hours. A few of the pecans may be saved for sprinkling over the top of each loaf before baking. Yield: 2 loaves.
title: Hot Chocolate Mix instructions: Mix ingredients; store in Tupperware. Use 1/4 of mix to 3/4 water; mix.
title: Pimientos Cheese Spread instructions: Cook all together (eggs, mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar and salt). Dissolve cheese into mixture. Add pimientos.
title: Frozen Strawberry Jam instructions: Mix together the berries and sugar; let set 20 minutes, stirring often. Boil together the water and Sure-Jell for 1 minute. Add boiled mixture to berries; stir for 3 minutes. Pour into jars or freezer containers; let set for 24 to 48 hours. Put into freezer and let stay until ready to use. Good also over ice cream or cake.
title: Stir-Fried Cabbage instructions: Fry bacon and set aside. Saute onion and bell pepper in bacon drippings. Drain and reserve 3 to 4 tablespoons of the grease. Put the cabbage in the grease and fry, stirring until cooked but still crisp. Add the crumbled	bacon, onion and bell pepper mixture just before completion of cooking.
title: Dump Dish Dinner instructions: Use 1/2 uv the above 'n layer in order above...do this twice...pore the soup 'r broth over top 'n cook in preheated oven (400°) fur an hr...iffin it should start to dry out on top, put a piece uv foil on. Remove foil 'n top wid bakon strips...let cook til bakon iz krisp.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Blend sugar, flour and syrup. Add butter. Mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition. Stir in vanilla and pecans. Mix well. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake 40 to 45 minutes at 375°.
title: Pasta Fagioli instructions: Combine all ingredients in Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Bring just to a boil; turn heat to low, cover pan with lid and allow to cook gently, 30 minutes or until pasta is tender.
title: Sweet Charity Pie instructions: Blend all and bake for 15 to 20 minutes at 375 degrees on a greased cookie sheet. After browned, remove from oven and press into a 10-inch pie pan, reserving 1/2 cup for topping.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Combine all ingredients and place in unbaked pastry shell. Bake 45 minutes at 350°. Cool before cutting.
title: Apricot Strawberry Muffins instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Line 12 muffin cups with paper liners. Stir together flour, baking powder and salt; set aside. Beat butter and 1/2 cup of sugar with an electric mixer until light. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Stop mixer and add preserves, milk and vanilla. Mix in on low speed. Mix in dry ingredients with a spoon; fold in strawberries. Divide batter among muffin cups. Mix remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar with cinnamon. Sprinkle over muffins. Bake until set in center, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pan for 20 minutes before removing muffins from the cups.
title: Green Beans instructions: Cook French-style green beans with golden mushroom soup and beef bouillon cube for 1 hour at light boil. Drain off, through colander, 1/2 of liquid. Pour into casserole dish with lid.
title: Peach Cream Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Prick pie shell with fork. Bake 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Preheat oven to 400°. Mix together the sugar, flour, salt, nutmeg and cinnamon in a large bowl. Add peaches and toss gently. Spoon mixture into pie shell. Pour whipping cream on top. Bake 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Serve with whipping cream.
title: Peanut Butter Temptations instructions: Cream oleo, peanut butter, sugars, egg and vanilla. Add flour, salt and soda sifted together first. Shape into balls and drop in mini muffin pans. Bake 10 minutes at 375°. Push candy in cookies as soon as you take them out of oven. Push until just top of candy shows. Cool 10 minutes in pan and remove.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: Grind cranberries; add rind of oranges and cut up oranges. Mix well with sugar and let stand overnight; set jello and when it begins to thicken, add the cranberry mixture, apples and nuts.
title: Hash Brown Casserole instructions: Let potatoes thaw for 30 minutes. Mix all ingredients together in a large bowl. Place in greased 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Cranberry-Apple Sweet Potatoes instructions: Cut sweet potatoes into bite size pieces. In a large saucepan, cook potatoes, covered, in enough boiling salted water to cover, about 15 minutes, or until tender (disregard this step if using canned potatoes). Drain and set aside. Spread pie filling in an 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. Arrange cooked fresh or canned sweet potatoes atop. In a small mixing bowl, stir together cranberry sauce, apricot preserves and orange marmalade; spoon over sweet potatoes. Bake, uncovered, in a 350° oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until heated through. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Scalloped Potatoes instructions: In medium saucepan, melt margarine. Add onion and saute until soft. Stir in flour. Cook over low heat for 1 minute. Gradually add milk, stirring constantly. Cook over medium heat until slightly thickened and begins to boil. Add 1 cup cheese, salt, mustard and pepper. Remove from heat; stir until cheese is melted.
title: Bing Cherry Salad instructions: Mix cream cheese, sour cream and sugar until fluffy. Drain pineapple and cherries. Add remaining ingredients to cream cheese mixture. Chill well. May be made the day before.
title: Chili Strata instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Mix egg and water. Crush 4 cups corn chips. Add egg mixture to crushed chips. Spread in lightly greased 13 x 9-inch baking dish. Combine chili, 1 cup enchilada sauce, green pepper and onion. Spread over corn chips in baking dish. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Top with cheese and remaining whole corn chips. Bake 5 minutes more. Top with lettuce and tomatoes. Serve with remaining sauce. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Basic Brownies instructions: Melt chocolate and butter over low heat. Add brown sugar and stir to dissolve. Let cool. Beat granulated sugar and egg. Add chocolate mixture, flour, baking powder and vanilla, stirring just enough to mix. Pour into greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake in preheated oven at 325° for about 30 to 35 minutes. Makes 12.
title: Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Boil potatoes and medium onion; boil until tender. Pour water off potatoes except 1 cup. Melt margarine; add flour, milk and water off boiled potatoes and salt. Cook until thick. Pour over sliced potatoes; add cheese, more potatoes, sauce, cheese and more potatoes until all is gone. Cook at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: Dissolve gelatin in 1 cup boiling water. Add cranberry sauce and undrained pineapple; add celery and nuts. Mix well and chill until set.
title: Pork And Beans To Can instructions: Soak beans overnight; cook with pork. When nearly done add salt. Fill canning jars 3/4 full with beans. Mix rest of ingredients together for sauce. Pour over beans in jars and cold pack for 2 hours.
title: Tamale Pie instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Saute onions and garlic in hot fat until yellow. Add meat and brown. Pour off excess fat. Add vegetables and seasonings, bring to a boil. Pour mixture into a deep casserole. Press olives into meat. Combine corn meal, milk and eggs. Spoon over filling. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake 1 hour. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Broccoli Corn Casserole instructions: Mix melted butter, herbs from stuffing and eggs. Add corn and broccoli. Add 3/4 package dry stuffing. Pour into casserole and put remaining crumbs on top.	Bake 40 minutes at 325°.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Mix sugar, peanut butter and cream cheese together, mixing well. Then fold in Cool Whip and stir well. Place into a pie crust and chill.
title: Pumpkin Custard instructions: Mix all together. Pour into a 9 X 13 pan that has been sprayed with Pam. Bake at 425 for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool and cut into little squares.
title: Apple Fritters instructions: Mix well and spoon in hot oil in skillet until brown. Use tablespoon to measure size of fritter. Place on paper bag. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar or granulated sugar.
title: Carol'S French Fried Shrimp instructions: Combine ingredients, except shrimp; beat. Peel shell from shrimp, leaving last section and tail intact (optional). Butterfly shrimp by cutting almost through at center of back without severing ends. Remove black vein. Dry shrimp thoroughly between paper towels. Dip into batter. Fry in deep, hot fat (375°) until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve immediately with lemon wedges and cocktail sauce or ketchup.
title: Spinach Stir-Fry instructions: Tear spinach into bite size pieces. Heat wok or large skillet until hot. Add vegetable oil; rotate to coat side. Add garlic; stir-fry for 2 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, salt and pepper. Cover and cook 1 minute. Yields 2 servings.
title: Pasta In A Pot instructions: Saute onions in butter. Add ground beef. Cook and drain. Add sauce, tomatoes, mushrooms and garlic salt. Stir and simmer for 20 minutes. Cook shells and drain.
title: Peek-A-Boo Cake(Bingo Cake)   instructions: Follow recipe on box for cake.
title: Hash Brown Potato Casserole instructions: Pour melted butter, salt and pepper over potatoes. Add onion, soup, milk, cream cheese and Cheddar cheese. Mix well. Cover with buttered crumbs or use crushed corn flakes. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Hot Apple Juice Punch instructions: Mix all together and bring to boil.
title: Punch instructions: Mix all ingredients in punch bowl and stir. Make sure punch bowl is half full; if not, add water. Fill remainder of punch bowl with ice.
title: German Potato Salad instructions: In a large skillet, fry bacon until crisp; remove and set aside. Drain all but 2 to 3 tablespoons of drippings. Cook onion until tender. Stir in flour; blend well. Add vinegar and water. Cook and stir until bubbly and slightly thick. Add sugar and stir until it dissolves. Crumble bacon; gently stir in bacon and potatoes. Heat through, stirring lightly to coat potato slices. Serve warm. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Fantastic Salmon Pie instructions: Bake pie crust at 400° for 10 minutes, set aside; drain salmon saving liquid; spread salmon on a plate to flake and remove bones; beat 3 eggs; add cheese, old bay, sour cream, onion, dill and mayonnaise; stir in salmon and 1/2 c. of salmon liquid; stir mixture well and pour into baked crust; bake at 325° for 45 minutes or until knife comes out clean; serve warm with vegetable of choice.
title: Lemon Curd instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients in top of a double boiler. Cook over simmering water, stirring constantly, until butter melts. Gradually stir about 1/4 of hot mixture into eggs; add to remaining hot mixture, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and coats a spoon (about 15 minutes). Remove from heat; cool. Cover and refrigerate.
title: Calico Cole Slaw instructions: Mix the first 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Next, mix in a saucepan the remaining ingredients and heat. Bring to a boil and pour over the veggies.
title: Meat Marinade instructions: Mix all ingredients and marinate for at least 12 hours or up to 5 days. Excellent with chicken or beef.
title: Christmas Walnut Clusters instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease cookie sheets. In large bowl with mixer at medium speed, beat all ingredients except walnuts and confectioners sugar until well mixed, occasionally scraping bowl with rubber spatula. Stir in walnuts. Drop mixture by rounded teaspoonfuls, 1/2 inch apart, onto cookie sheet. Bake 10 minutes. Remove cookies to wire racks; cool. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Makes 36.
title: Chocolate Ritz Treats instructions: Spread peanut butter between 2 Ritz crackers. Dip into melted chocolate bark until well coated. Lay on wax paper until cool. Chill in refrigerator, if desired, or eat at room temperature.
title: Ham Casserole instructions: Pour into greased 2 1/2-quart casserole dish. Let stand in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Fantasy Fudge instructions: Stir together margarine, sugar and milk in a heavy 2 1/2 to 3-quart saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Boil for 5 minutes over medium heat or until candy thermometer reaches 234°, stirring constantly to prevent sticking or scorching. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in chocolates until melted. Add remaining ingredients. Mix well until blended. Pour into greased 9 x 9-inch or 13 x 9-inch pan. Cool at room temperature. Cut into squares. Makes about 3 pounds.
title: Sausage And Cheese Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Separate crescent dough into 2 large rectangles. Place in ungreased round 9-inch pan. Press over bottom and half way up sides to form crust. Seal Perforations. Slice sausages and arrange over crust. Sprinkle with cheese. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over cheese. Bake 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown.
title: Beet And Pepper Vinegar instructions: Bring to a rolling boil and pour over packed jars. Hot water bath if necessary.
title: Pan Brisket instructions: Rinse brisket and place on a large pan with the fatty side up. Cover top generously with minced onions. Sprinkle 2 ounces of liquid smoke. Cover pan with aluminum foil and seal tightly. Cook at 250° for 8 to 10 hours.
title: Quick Salami instructions: Mix all together; mold into 3 rolls. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 24 hours. Unwrap and bake on a rack in pan in a 300° oven for 1 1/2 to 2 hours. May be frozen.
title: Luscious Lemon Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. In large mixing bowl with electric mixer, beat margarine, sugar, egg and vanilla until well blended. Mix in flour until incorporated. Divide dough in half. With your hand, shape each section of dough into a log about 14 inches long and 1 1/2 inches wide. Place on greased baking sheet. Using your finger, make a depression down the center of each log about 1/2-inch wide. Spoon in lemon filling, mounding slightly. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until tops are set and bottoms are golden. Let cool 2 minutes. Loosen bottoms with spatula. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Cool completely before cutting into 1-inch diagonal slices.
title: Asparagus Onion Quiche Squares instructions: Line a 9x13 dish or pan with the crescent dough, sealing the edges of the crescents together. Push dough about 1/2 inch up the sides of the pan. In a mixing bowl, combine the onion, soup, 1 cup Cheddar, eggs, salt and lemon pepper seasoning. Beat well. Pour into baking pan and sprinkle remaining cheese over the top. Bake in a 375 degree oven for about 30 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly before cutting into small squares.
title: Coney Island Sauce instructions: Combine everything but wieners. Simmer over low heat until thick. Grind up the wieners and add to sauce; cook 15 minutes longer. Do not brown beef before using.
title: Skillet Date Balls instructions: Melt butter in skillet. Add chopped dates. Combine sugar and egg, then add to skillet mixture. Stir over low heat 3 to 5 mintues. Turn off heat. Add vanilla, nuts and Rice Krispies. Cool slightly, then form into balls size of walnuts. Roll in powdered sugar or coconut.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Mix all together and pour into greased baking dish. Bake at 375° for 40 minutes.
title: Hot Spinach Salad instructions: In a small frying pan, cook bacon until crisp. Do not drain. In a 1-cup measure, place egg, sugar, vinegar and enough water to make 3/4 cup; pour over bacon and grease. Cook, stirring constantly, until dressing thickens. Season to taste. Pour the hot dressing over greens and onion. Toss; garnish with egg slices. Serve immediately. Serves 4. (Endive or lettuce may be used instead of spinach.)
title: D.J.'S Summer Delight instructions: Dice all of the ingredients into small bite size pieces in a large mixing bowl. Combine all ingredients and salt lightly. Do not use broccoli florets, just the stems; peel and dice. Pour the entire bottle of Ranch dressing into mixture; stir and chill. Will keep in refrigerator for days.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream butter and sugar together. Add egg and blend with milk; add lemon, bananas, flour and nuts. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes in a loaf pan. Cool completely before slicing.
title: Sundae Brownies instructions: Combine butter, sugar, syrup, eggs and vanilla and beat well. Add remaining ingredients. Mix well and spread in a 10 x 15-inch pan, floured. Bake 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Peanut Butter Cake instructions: Mix together. Bake at 350° for 30-35 minutes. Let cake cool. Then put on icing.
title: Kraut Salad instructions: Mix all together and let stand overnight. Drain and serve!
title: Cheese And Beef Casserole instructions: Prepare dinner as directed on package. Add tomato; mix lightly. Brown meat; drain. Stir in tomato sauce and onion. Spoon dinner mixture into a 1 1/2-quart casserole. Top with meat mixture. Sprinkle with chips. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes, or until thoroughly heated.
title: Spaghetti Sauce instructions: In a large saucepan, brown beef and drain fat. Add oil, sauce, paste, onion, salt, pepper, parsley, oregano and garlic. Bring to a boil, then simmer 1 1/2 hours. Stir frequently.
title: Sweet Potatoes instructions: Bake uncovered 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Marinated Carrots instructions: Peel and slice carrots. Cook in salt water (don't overcook) until tender. Drain well. Chop pepper and add to carrots. Combine remaining. Pour over carrots while still warm. Marinate 2 to 3 days. Drain well before serving. Liquid may be reused. Keeps up to 2 weeks in refrigerator.
title: Impossible Broccoli Pie instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Grease pie plate (10 x 1 1/2-inches). Rinse broccoli to thaw; drain. Mix broccoli, 2 cups of the cheese and onion in pie plate. Beat milk, eggs, baking mix, salt and pepper until smooth (15 seconds in blender on high or for 1 minute with hand beater). Pour into plate. Bake approximately 25 to 35 minutes (or until knife comes out clean). Top with remaining cheese. Bake just until the cheese is melted (approximately 1 to 2 minutes longer). Let stand 5 minutes. Garnish with tomato slices.
title: Strawberry Upside-Down Cake instructions: In a greased 9 x 13-inch pan, spread marshmallows evenly. Prepare cake mix as directed on box. Pour over marshmallows. Mix dry jello and strawberries together. Spoon over cake mix. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Beat eggs, add sugar, salt, butter and syrup. Beat together. Add nuts. Pour into 8-inch pastry-lined pie dish. Bake at 375 for about 40 minutes.
title: Irish Cream instructions: Mix in blender 2 minutes; refrigerate.
title: Ginger Pears instructions: Pare fruit; cut in thin slices after removing core. Mix pears and sugar. Place over low heat in large kettle. Stir until sugar is melted and syrup formed. Simmer until fruit is clear, stirring occasionally. Add grated rind of 2 lemons and juice of all 6. Add ginger, cut in small pieces; simmer until thick. Put in sterilized jelly glasses; cover with paraffin, or seal in sterilized pint jars while hot. Yields approximately 18 glasses.
title: Snack Crackers instructions: Mix crackers and oil until oil is well soaked into crackers. Add remaining ingredients. Stir until evenly coated. Heat in oven at 250° for 45 minutes or so, stirring every 15 minutes.
title: Apple Crisp instructions: Mix ingredients and put in baking pan. Top with following mixture.
title: Blonde Brownies instructions: Mix; bake at 325°.
title: Cheesy Vegetable Soup instructions: In medium saucepan, cook onion in butter until tender, Add corn, broccoli, carrots and water. Bring to boil; reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Stir in soup, milk, cheeses and pepper. Cook and stir over medium heat until cheeses are melted and mixture is heated through.
title: Cheese Balls instructions: Grate and mix cheeses together. Add garlic powder and minced onions. Chill mixture until easy to form into balls. Roll in parsley flakes and chopped nuts.
title: Apple Oat Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Combine oats, flour, apple, brown sugar, baking powder, salt and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Add milk, egg and oil, mixing just until dry ingredients are moistened. Fill greased muffin cups 2/3 full. Mix granulated sugar and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; sprinkle scant 1/4 teaspoon over each muffin. Bake 15 to 18 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Seven-In-One Hot Dish instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Top with reserved cracker crumbs. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Boil noodles until tender. In a different pan (while noodles are cooking), put the cream of chicken soup and the 2 soup cans full of milk. Mix well. Cook over heat until ready, then add the chicken and cheese. Drain the noodles. Mix in with the cream mixture.
title: Beef Vegetable Soup instructions: Brown hamburger; drain fat off. Add remaining ingredients. Use empty 16-ounce can to add 5 cans water to mixture. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 30 to 45 minutes. Very filling soup.
title: Orange Salad instructions: Add orange Jell-O to cottage cheese. Drain crushed pineapple and Mandarin oranges and fold in. Whip whipped cream and add vanilla or use Cool Whip.
title: Christmas Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream the eggs, Crisco and sugar, then add dry ingredients alternately with milk; mix well. Chill dough overnight or a couple of hours. Roll out and cut into desired shapes. Bake in a 350° oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until light brown. Frost when cool. Makes about 3 dozen. If the cookies are rolled out thin, they will be harder than they would be if rolled thicker.
title: Taco Pizza instructions: Cook pasta according to directions. Drain pasta; rinse with cold water. Drain again. Meanwhile, in a large skillet cook turkey, lamb or beef, onion and garlic until meat is brown and onion is tender. Drain fat. Stir in tomato sauce, wine or beef broth, parsley, oregano, salt and cinnamon. Bring to boiling; reduce heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: In a medium bowl, cut up bananas and then beat smooth with a mixer; set aside. In a large bowl, combine oil, sugar, eggs and vanilla; beat smooth. Alternating with bananas, add dry ingredients. You may use a spoon. Stir in the walnuts. Pour into greased bread tins. Bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes. Done when a toothpick comes out clean. Top may crack.
title: Tuna Tortilla Roll-Ups instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In small bowl, combine soup and milk; set aside. In medium bowl, combine tuna, broccoli, 1/2 cup cheese and 1/2 cup French fried onions. Stir in 3/4 cup soup mixture.
title: Chilie Squares instructions: Chop 2 cans of chilies into the bottom of an 8 x 8-inch pan. Top with 10 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese. Mix eggs and milk together; pour over top of the chilies and cheese. Cut into squares. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes, until golden brown.
title: Janean'S Potatoes instructions: Boil the potatoes in skins about 1/2 hour. Cool in refrigerator, then peel and grate. Mix together potatoes, Cheddar cheese, dry onion, soup, 1/2 cup melted butter and sour cream. Press into greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Before baking, sprinkle cracker (or bread) crumbs and pour 1/4 cup melted butter over top. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: El'S Cole Slaw instructions: Shred cabbage, carrots and peppers. (Can use large package of shredded cole slaw, but add peppers to it.) Salt to taste.
title: Crispy Peanut Butter Centers instructions: Combine peanut butter, margarine and confectioners sugar in a large bowl. Blend together well. Add rice cereal and blend into peanut butter mixture. Form into 3/4-inch balls and dip in dipping chocolate.
title: Goose Or Duck And Sweet Dressing instructions: Melt fat and saute apples until tender; add all other ingredients and cover. Steam about 8 to 10 minutes. If cherries are very tart add 1 tablespoon sugar. Stuff bird and truss. Bake with breast up until brown, then turn over. Do not prick skin. I make a double recipe and tie what is leftover in a cloth and put in the pan with the duck.
title: Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Mix all ingredients together with spoon. Drop by spoonfuls onto cookie sheet. Bake 8 to 9 minutes at 375°. Mmmm! They're sooo yummy!
title: Strawberry Chocolate Trifle instructions: Mix pudding according to package directions. Chill. Cut cake into 1 inch cubes. Place 1/2 of the cake into glass bowl. Stir strawberries and preserves together. Spoon 1/2 of strawberry mixture over cake. Pour 1/2 of pudding over strawberries. Repeat this procedure again until all is used. Garnish with cool whip and fresh strawberries.
title: Fiesta Shrimp Dip instructions: Finely chop shrimp, reserving a few whole shrimp for garnish. Combine chopped shrimp with remaining ingredients, except green onion. Mix well. Spoon into serving bowl; garnish with green onion and reserved shrimp. Chill. Serve with assorted crackers, chips or vegetable dippers. Makes about 2 1/2 cups dip.
title: No Fat Oven-Fried Squash instructions: Wash and prepare squash. Coat both sides of squash with corn meal. Spray baking sheet generously with cooking spray. Spread squash evenly on baking sheet. Spray squash generously with cooking spray. Salt and pepper to taste. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes.
title: Mexican-Style Hot Chocolate instructions: Combine cocoa, non-caloric sweetener, cinnamon stick and 2/3 cup water. Bring to boil, stirring constantly; boil 1 minute longer. Stir in skim milk. Cook until heated through (do not boil). Add vanilla; remove cinnamon stick. Beat with rotary beater. If desired, garnish with additional cinnamon sticks. Makes 4 servings.
title: Zucchini Casserole instructions: Cook zucchini in salt water 10 minutes; drain well. Brown meat and onion in skillet. Place zucchini in 2 1/2-quart casserole; pour spaghetti and meat into casserole and mix together. Pour melted cheese over the top and bake covered for 35 minutes at 400°.
title: Asparagus Aspic instructions: Boil for 3 minutes the first 3 ingredients. Dissolve 2 envelopes Knox gelatine in 1/2 cup cold water and add to boiled mixture. Cool until syrupy. Add remainder of ingredients. Combine and refrigerate. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Sunshine Cake instructions: Beat egg whites to peak. Add pinch of salt. Put in 1/2 of the cream of tartar. When half beaten, sift in the sugar. Add 1 tablespoon water into yolks, then beat until thick. Fold together whites, yolks and flavoring. Add flour and remaining cream of tartar. Bake in an ungreased tin, wet with cold water. Bake 1 hour at 300°. Remove carefully, turning tin upside down to cool.
title: Sweet Pickles instructions: Cover cucumbers with boiling water each morning for 4 mornings and on the 5th morning, chunk into cubes. Heat spices, sugar and vinegar and pour over pickles. Let set 48 hours. Heat and can. Takes 7 days to complete.
title: Barbecued Pork Sandwiches instructions: In a medium skillet, cook onion, celery and garlic in margarine until tender, but not brown. Stir in ketchup, water, brown sugar, vinegar, chili powder, salt and pepper. Simmer, uncovered, for 10 to 15 minutes. Add pork; heat through. Serve meat on buns with sauce.
title: Company Chicken instructions: Place chicken pieces in 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix other ingredients and pour over chicken. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Serve with rice on side.
title: Chocolate Mousse instructions: Make one day in advance! Line bottom of spring-form pan with wax paper (trace pan bottom onto wax paper; cut and fit into pan bottom). Melt chocolate morsels and 6 tablespoons water in double boiler. Add sugar. Remove from heat. Add 6 egg yolks. Beat egg whites until stiff. Fold into chocolate mixture. (Do in large bowl.) Beat 1 pint heavy cream, adding vanilla. Fold into chocolate mixture. Line bottom and sides of pan with ladyfingers (there will be a couple of leftover ones) to form picket fence. Chill overnight. Two hours before serving, beat 1/2 pint heavy cream with 2 tablespoons sugar. Pour over mousse, then sprinkle with chocolate sprinkles immediately before serving.
title: Gail'S Spicy Baked Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix seasonings together. Put chicken on cookie sheet or baking sheet. Pour lemon juice over it. Sprinkle seasonings evenly over chicken. Bake for 1 hour. (Skin may be removed before seasoned with lemon juice and seasonings.)
title: Chicken Wing Drumsticks instructions: Prepare chicken wings. Combine remaining ingredients. Pour over chicken wings; marinate at least 4 hours. Line baking pan with foil. Add chicken and marinade. Bake at 250° for 3 1/2 hours.
title: Haystacks instructions: Heat chocolate chips in saucepan over low heat, stirring frequently, until melted. Stir in peanuts and noodles until evenly coated; remove from heat. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto waxed paper. Refrigerate until firm. Makes about 3 dozen cookies.
title: Oatmeal Bread instructions: Bring water to a boil; add oatmeal and butter. Let stand 20 minutes, covered. Add eggs; mix well. Blend remaining ingredients except nuts. Add to oats; mix well. Add nuts. Put in greased bread pans. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Apple Cinnamon Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Blend together cake mix, pie filling and eggs in a large mixer bowl. Beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Combine sugar and cinnamon. Spread half the batter in greased 13 x 9-inch pan; sprinkle with half the cinnamon-sugar. Repeat with remaining batter and cinnamon-sugar. Bake 30 to 35 minutes, until wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool. Makes 12 servings. Preparation time: 10 minutes. Bake time: 35 minutes.
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Stir oats in hot water; let stand a few minutes. Cream butter and eggs, add oats and dry ingredients and vanilla, and mix thoroughly. Pour batter into greased and floured baking pan and bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Spread topping on cake while hot, then return to oven for a few minutes.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Mix and bake in unbaked pie shell at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Chicken Bake(Low Calorie)   instructions: Mix plain yogurt (small cup) with garlic powder to taste. Cut several chicken breasts into cubes. Dip in yogurt mix and in wheat germ or oat bran that has poultry seasoning and 1 teaspoon salt. Bake on a cookie sheet at 425° for 25 minutes. Dip in honey mustard or barbecue sauce or yogurt with curry powder and sugar-onion powder.
title: Circle-O-Rangers instructions: Sift together flour, soda, salt, ginger and cinnamon. Cream together sugar and shortening. Stir in molasses, water and coconut. Blend in the dry ingredients gradually. Chill dough for at least 2 hours. Roll out 1/3 at a time on a floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Place on ungreased cookie sheets. Bake at 375° for 7 to 10 minutes.
title: Pumpkin Cookies instructions: Mix above ingredients together and bake at 350° for 15 minutes.
title: Ham Ball instructions: Chop 1 package ham. Mix with onion powder, Accent and Worcestershire. Form ball. Chop other package of ham and roll ball in until covered. Put in refrigerator and serve with crackers.
title: Baked Fish Parmesan instructions: Make breadcrumbs and mix in all dry ingredients. Grease ceramic or glass, shallow casserole and melt butter in it.	Dip fish in butter, then in crumb mixture, and lay back in baking dish. Bake in 375° oven for 30 minutes.
title: Cranberry Orange Bread instructions: Sift the first 5 ingredients. To the juice and rind of orange, add shortening and boiling water to make 3/4 cup. Add with egg to dry ingredients. You can add walnut meats if you like. Add cranberries. Mix and pour into a greased, lined bread pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Cheese Puffs instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Roll dough into marble size balls. Place on baking sheet. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes.
title: Canneloni Roma instructions: Brown meat; drain. Add onion and cook until tender. Stir in Parmesan cheese, egg and seasonings. Fill shells. Place in baking dish. Top with tomatoes, sauce and water. Cover with foil. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Remove foil. Top with cheese and melt. Serves 4 to 6.
title: 22 Minute Chocolate Cake instructions: When cake has baked 18 minutes, combine in saucepan used before, oleo, milk and cocoa. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and add powdered sugar, chopped nuts and vanilla. Pour over hot cake. Allow cake to cool before serving.
title: Chocolate Eclair Pie instructions: Mix pudding and milk; add Cool Whip. In 9 x 13-inch pan, layer graham crackers, pudding mixture, graham crackers, then top with frosting. Refrigerate 2 hours or overnight. Cut into squares to serve.
title: Spicy Potato Salad instructions: Cook potatoes. Cool, dice and place in a large mixing bowl. Mix in remaining ingredients. Add more or less mayonnaise until salad is pleasingly moist. Chill and serve on romaine lettuce.
title: Sunshine Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in hot water. Drain pineapple, reserving syrup. Add water to syrup to make one cup. Add to jello with vinegar and salt. Chill	until partially set.	Fold carrots, pineapple and nuts into jello. Turn into individual molds or 10 x 6 x 1 1/2-inch pan. Chill until firm. Serve on lettuce.
title: Baked Sandwich instructions: Slice loaf lengthwise; put ham and cheese between bread. Melt butter; saute onions. Add poppy seed and dry mustard; pour over loaf. Wrap in aluminum foil and bake 30 minutes in a 350° oven. Slice to serve.
title: Soft Alphabet Pretzels instructions: Thaw bread dough. Preheat oven to 350°. Pinch off pieces the size of a golf ball and roll into ropes about 5 inches long. Shape into letters. Let rise for 20 minutes. Brush with egg white and kosher salt. Bake for 20 minutes.
title: Christmas Crunchies instructions: Cream butter; add sugars and then eggs and vanilla. Sift dry ingredients together and add to creamed mixture. Last, add cornflakes, oatmeal, coconut and nuts. Roll into small balls and place about 2 inches apart on a greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes. Makes approximately 6 dozen cookies.
title: Skroodle Salad instructions: Cook noodles and drain. Add red beans, mixed vegetables (drained), bell peppers, celery, onion and pimento. Cook celery seed, salt, margarine, sugar, vinegar, flour and dry mustard until bubbly and thickened. Pour over noodle mixture. Let stand overnight.
title: Beef Casserole instructions: Brown ground chuck and drain. Add onion and bell pepper. Saute. Add catsup, Worcestershire sauce and parsley flakes. Add soup and mix well. Reduce heat to simmer. Cover and steam for 45 minutes. Stir occasionally.
title: Cheese Grits Casserole instructions: Cook grits according to package. While hot, add butter and Kraft cheese. Stir until melted. Let cool slightly. Add milk to eggs. Stir well into grits mixture. Pour into greased 2-quart casserole. Sprinkle top with grated cheese. Bake in 350° oven for 45 minutes. Serves 8.
title: Cheese-Broccoli Dip instructions: In a medium bowl, combine soup, broccoli, tomato, sour cream and mustard. Cover. Refrigerate at least 4 hours before serving. Serve with crackers and chips for dipping. Makes about 3 cups or 12 appetizer servings.
title: Snickerdoodles instructions: Cream sugar and butter together. Drop in whole eggs and mix. Sift together the salt, flour, cream of tartar and baking soda. Add first mixture and beat until smooth. Make a small ball. Put in sugar-cinnamon mixture and bake at 325° for 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Cranberry Wassail instructions: Place spices and lemons in basket of percolator. Perk until done.
title: Salsa instructions: Peel and dice tomatoes in large pan. Dice onion and peppers, add to other ingredients and cook on medium low heat for 30 minutes. This can be put in jars and sealed. Good kept in refrigerator for a week.
title: "Yummy" Strawberry Pie instructions: Mix the strawberry gelatin with sugar in a small bowl. Heat 3/4 cup water in a saucepan until water is very hot. Pour the water over gelatin and sugar. Stir the gelatin with a spoon to dissolve it. Put the bowl in refrigerator about 20 minutes, so that gelatin will thicken, but not "set." Fold 3 cups of topping and gelatin together. Mix the strawberries into the pie filling (gelatin mixture) with a spoon. Pour into a cooled baked pie crust. Put in refrigerator. Chill 1 to 2 hours.
title: Unbaked Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Boil sugar, margarine, milk and cocoa in medium saucepan for 1 1/2 minutes. Important to time this exactly. Stir in vanilla, peanut butter and oatmeal immediately, mixing well. Drop by spoonfuls on waxed paper, foil or cookie sheet. Makes about 3 dozen. Can chill or let cool for 20 to 30 minutes to harden.
title: Hot Cocoa instructions: Scald milk. Mix cocoa, sugar and salt. Add 1/2 cup boiling water; boil for 3 minutes. Add milk; heat slowly to just below boiling point. Beat for 2 minutes. Yields 6 servings.
title: German-Style Red Cabbage instructions: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat; add apple and onion and saute for 5 minutes. Add cabbage and vinegar. Sir together sugar and next 3 ingredients; sprinkle over cabbage. Add wine; cover, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring often, 35 minutes. Yield: 6 servings.
title: Sadie'S Pretzel Salad instructions: Mix these 3 ingredients and set aside for 10 minutes. Pour over all the other ingredients and let cool.
title: Easy Taco Dinner instructions: Cook and stir ground beef and onion in 10-inch skillet until beef is light brown; drain. Stir in seasoning mix and water. Heat to boiling; reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, stirring every once in a while, for 10 minutes. Top with last ingredients. Serves 6.
title: Chicken Mexicali Casserole instructions: Saute onions and celery in butter. Add soups, parsley and seasoning; mix well. Cook macaroni in chicken broth, add water if necessary. Do not drain. Butter a 9 x 13-inch dish. Mix chicken, macaroni, soup mixture and pimiento. Pour into prepared dish. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350° for 20 to 30 minutes.
title: Crabmeat Quesadillas instructions: Combine first 6 ingredients in a medium bowl; stir well. Spoon crabmeat mixture evenly over 5 tortillas. Spread to within 1/2-inch of edge. Sprinkle evenly with cheese and top with remaining tortillas.
title: Potted Beef instructions: Spread 1/2 of garlic on large, flat side of roast. Heat oil on medium-high heat in heavy skillet or pot. Sear roast on side with garlic on it. Spread remaining garlic on other side. Turn roast, using tongs and fork. Sear edges too. Set aside. Open soup can and empty into crock-pot set on high.
title: Heavenly Onion Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Saute onion in butter in skillet until tender. Do not brown. Mix soup, milk and pepper in bowl. Stir in bread, 1 1/2 cups cheese and sauteed onions. Mix well. Pour into casserole. Chill for several hours, if desired. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup cheese. Bake for 30 minutes or until bubbly and golden.
title: Chunk Style Applesauce(Great Way To Use All Those Bruised Apples From Picking)   instructions: Place all in crock-pot. Cook on low 10 to 12 hours. Serve by itself or over ice cream.
title: Dirt Cake instructions: Mix together cream cheese, sugar and Cool Whip. In another bowl, mix pudding and milk. Combine pudding mixture and cream cheese mixture. Layer with crumbled Oreo cookies in Pyrex dish, ending with cookies, so it has the appearance of dirt. Refrigerate.
title: Toasted Coconut Pecan Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Thoroughly combine eggs, sugar, butter, lemon juice and vanilla. Stir in coconut and nuts. Bake in oven for 45 minutes to 50 minutes.
title: American Chop Suey instructions: In a large skillet, saute chopped onion. Add the ground beef, the cooked macaroni and tomato soup. Serves at least 4 to 6.
title: Banana Split Cake instructions: Melt 1/2 cup butter. Add crumbs. Place in 9 x 13-inch pan. Refrigerate until cold. Combine remaining butter (softened), eggs and sugar. Beat for 15 minutes. Spread over cooled crumbs. Spread on drained pineapple. Slice bananas and place on top of pineapple. Spread on whip cream. Sprinkle with cherries and nuts. Cool overnight. Serve.
title: Oatmeal Pecan Coffee Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Combine dry ingredients in large mixing bowl. Whisk eggs and buttermilk together. Add to dry ingredients with melted margarine and stir until blended. Pour into pan.
title: Chicken Wings instructions: Mix all ingredients with chicken wings and marinate in refrigerator overnight. Bake in uncovered pan in single layers at 325° for 1 1/2 hours. Stir midway through.
title: Chocolate Pie instructions: Combine sugar, flour, cocoa and water. Mix thoroughly. Then add remaining ingredients. Pour into unbaked pie shell and bake at 375° for 25 or 30 minutes.
title: Vichyssoise instructions: Heat leeks and onion in butter in large skillet until transparent; do not brown. Add potatoes, stock and salt; simmer until potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes. Pour into blender; puree. Stir in cream and Tabasco. Strain through sieve (this is optional; I do not strain); chill. Just before serving, stir in yogurt; re-adjust seasoning. Serve very cold; garnish with chives. Serves 6.
title: Creamy Chocolate Pie(Makes 2 Pies)   instructions: In a heavy saucepan, combine flour, cocoa, sugar, beaten egg yolks and milk. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture thickens. Add vanilla and butter. Pour into two baked pie shells and use egg whites for meringue.
title: Butter Cookies instructions: Work butter in bowl until creamy; gradually add sugar and beat until fluffy. Add the whole egg, egg yolk, vanilla and almond extract; beat thoroughly. Add flour and mix well. Chill at least 2 hours or longer. Heat oven to 350°. Divide dough into 4 equal portions and roll out 1 portion at a time, leaving remainder in refrigerator. Place dough on floured board; cover with a sheet of floured waxed paper to prevent sticking and roll out 1/8-inch thick. Carefully remove waxed paper and cut dough into desired shapes with a floured cookie cutter. Place cookies 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Continue rolling and cutting until all the dough is used. Beat together the egg and water and brush over tops of unbaked cookies before garnishing with nuts, cherries and colored sugar. Bake 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Makes about 3 1/2 dozen cookies.
title: After School Cookies instructions: Pour boiling water over raisins. Let stand 5 minutes. Then drain and pat dry on paper towel. Cream butter and sugar. Add peanut butter and eggs. Add flour mixture alternately with milk and vanilla. Add oatmeal and raisins.
title: Cowboy Cookies instructions: Cream sugars and Crisco. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. Add vanilla. Sift together flour, salt, baking soda and baking powder. Blend into butter mixture. Add oatmeal or Rice Krispies and stir well. Add chocolate bits and nuts. Stir to distribute evenly. Drop by teaspoon onto greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Apple Kuchen instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Cut butter into dry cake mix. Mix in coconut. Pat mixture lightly into ungreased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan, building up slight edges. Bake 10 minutes. Arrange apple slices on warm crust. Mix sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle on apples. Blend sour cream and egg. Drizzle over apples. (Will not completely cover apples.) Bake 25 minutes. Do not overbake.
title: Out Of This World Frosting instructions: Bring milk to a boil; set aside. Cream sugar, shortening and margarine at high speed; add salt after mixture is creamy. Add cool milk, small portions at a time. Add vanilla and beat until all sugar disappears when touching it between thumb and finger.
title: Botanas instructions: Peel jicama and cut into 1 x 1/2-inch slices; cut avocados and both cheeses in 1-inch slices. Slice onions; cut lemons into 8ths. Put everything in a Tupperware bowl and let marinate for several hours. Serve cold as an appetizer or just something to snack on. Great with cold Margaritas or beer.
title: Oriental Beef Stew instructions: Brown meat in oil. Add broth. Cover and simmer 1 hour, until meat is tender. Add cauliflower, green pepper, soy sauce and garlic. Cover and simmer 5 to 10 minutes, until vegetables are tender.
title: Fruit Cocktail Cake instructions: Sift dry ingredients into bowl. Add egg and fruit cocktail. Mix and pour into prepared 9 x 12-inch pan, a smaller one may be used. Sprinkle the brown sugar and walnuts over the top. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Do not overbake. Delicious with whipped cream or ice cream. Stays moist a long time.
title: Party Salmon Ball instructions: Flake salmon; reserve. In small bowl, combine well all the ingredients except salmon, pecans and parsley. Stir in flaked salmon and chill for about 30 minutes. Roll salmon mixture into 1 large or 2 small balls. Roll ball or balls in mixture of chopped pecans and parsley. Wrap in waxed paper and chill until ready to serve. Serve with crackers.
title: Pepsi Chicken instructions: Wash chicken and pat dry. Put chicken into crock-pot. Add ketchup and Pepsi. Cook in crock-pot overnight or all day on low setting.
title: No-Peek Casserole instructions: Combine beef, dry soup mix, condensed soup and mushrooms (with liquid) in 2-quart casserole. Cover. Bake at 300° for 3 hours. Don't peek until it's done. Serve over noodles or rice. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Ham-Bean Soup instructions: Combine all ingredients, except navy beans, and simmer for 2 hours. Add cooked navy beans. Ham pieces may be added.
title: Corn Bread Salad instructions: Bake cornbread and let cool. Chop celery, green pepper, onion, tomatoes and eggs and mix together. Add mayonnaise, salt, pepper and parsley flakes. Crumble cornbread and add to other ingredients.
title: Shrimp And Crab Casserole instructions: Mix together. Cook at 350° until it bubbles (about 30 minutes). Mix buttered bread crumbs and Cheddar cheese and sprinkle on top. Pop back in oven until cheese melts.
title: Peanut Butter Candy instructions: Boil milk and powdered sugar for 5 minutes and add peanut butter, marshmallow cream and vanilla. Stir constantly. Pour into 9 x 9-inch pan.
title: Garbage Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients (except chips) and put in refrigerator. Serve with the tortilla chips.
title: Hot Chocolate instructions: Mix together and store in air tight container. Put 1/3 cup mixture into 1 cup Hot water. Add marshmallows if so desired.
title: Pineapple Upside-Down Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Melt margarine in 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan in oven. Sprinkle brown sugar over top of margarine until even. Spread crushed pineapple on top of margarine-brown sugar mixture. Decorate with pecans and cherries, pressed to bottom of pan. Prepare cake mix as directed but use pineapple juice instead of water. Pour batter into pan over margarine, sugar and pineapple. Bake 45 to 55 minutes. Invert cake immediately on heatproof serving plate or cake pan.
title: Antipasto Salad instructions: Cook macaroni and drain. Add onion, pepper, celery, tomatoes, olives, salt and pepper. Toss. Cut meat and cheese in strips. Add dressing and toss.
title: Ham And Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Put 1/2 of ham, potatoes and onions in crock-pot. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, then add cheese. Repeat with remaining ham, potatoes and onions. Spoon undiluted soup over top; sprinkle with paprika. Cover and cook on low for 8 to 10 hours or on high for 4 hours.
title: Huevos instructions: Saute onion, green pepper, garlic and olives in 1 tablespoon oil in skillet over medium heat. Combine eggs, turmeric, cumin, salt and pepper in bowl; beat until smooth. Add to skillet. Cook until eggs are set, stirring constantly. Heat tortillas in 2 cups hot oil in skillet for 5 seconds on each side or until softened. Spoon egg mixture onto tortillas; fold to enclose filling. Place on ovenproof plate. Top with taco sauce and cheese. Broil until cheese melts; serve immediately. Yield: 2 servings.
title: Palachinke(Filled Pancakes)   instructions: Sift flour, measure and add baking powder, salt and sugar; sift once more. Add milk to egg yolks. Add flour mixture gradually; mix to smooth batter. Add butter. Fold in egg whites. Bake on hot, greased griddle.
title: Pig Pickin' Cake instructions: Add the oil, juice from the mandarin oranges and 4 eggs to the yellow cake mix; mix well. Fold in the mandarin oranges. Bake at 350° for about 20 minutes. After the cake cools, mix the Cool Whip, vanilla pudding, coconut and crushed pineapple. Spread between layers and on top. Keep refrigerated. May use three 9-inch layers or one 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Chocolate Syrup instructions: Combine cocoa, sugar and salt in medium saucepan. Gradually stir in hot water. Stir until smooth. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook and stir 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vanilla. Cool and store in container in refrigerator. Makes 2 cups.
title: Peananzo Spread instructions: Note: Can substitute tofu for peanut butter.
title: Mini Cheese Cakes instructions: Place a vanilla wafer, flat side down, in 24 cupcake cups. Beat cream cheese, sugar, eggs and vanilla. Spoon into cups and bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes. Cool and top with cherry pie filling. Makes 24 cakes.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix stuffing according to directions. Put half in a 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Mix sour cream, chicken (cut up) and soup together. Layer on top of stuffing. Put the remaining stuffing on top of chicken mixture. Bake at 350° until golden brown.
title: Okra Soup instructions: Cook pig feet and salt pork until done. Cut up okra, tomatoes and onion. Add to meat. Let boil until thick enough for a good soup. Can be served over rice.
title: Cream Cheese Pound Cake instructions: Cream the butter and cream cheese together. Add sugar and beat until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla. Gradually add flour, beating until smooth. Slowly stir in Dream Whip. Pour into a greased and floured 10-inch tube pan. Bake at 325° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Bev'S Enchilada Casserole instructions: Brown lean ground beef; drain. Add chili powder and diced green chilies. Set aside. Heat cream of chicken soup, cream of mushroom soup and enchilada sauce; mix together. Add 1 1/2 cups of soup mixture to ground beef. Cover bottom of casserole dish with 4 large soft tortillas. Cover with 3/4 of beef mixture, then 4 tortillas, then 3/4 of soup mixture, then 4 tortillas, then the rest of both mixtures. Sprinkle with Cheddar cheese. Cover with foil. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes; remove cover. Bake 10 minutes longer.
title: Crab Quiche instructions: Prick bottom and sides of pastry with a fork. Bake at 400° for 3 minutes; remove from oven and gently prick with a fork. Bake pastry shell an additional 5 minutes; set aside. Saute onions in butter until tender; set aside. Combine eggs and cream in large bowl, stirring well. Stir in onions, crabmeat, cheese, sherry, salt and pepper.
title: Dill Seed Bread instructions: Soften yeast. Add cottage cheese, sugar, onion, butter, dill, salt, soda and egg. Alternately add flour. Beat well. Let rise about 1 to 2 hours. Stir dough to decrease bubbling. Put batter into 1 or 2 loaf pans. Let rise 30 more minutes. Bake at 350° for 40 to 50 minutes. Brush with butter.
title: Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Cream and beat well first 4 ingredients. Add other ingredients. Dough will be stiff. Place dough by spoonfuls on cookie sheet. Bake at 375° until slightly brown (about 8 to 10 minutes). Dough may be stored in refrigerator for several days.
title: Russian Tea Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add vanilla, flour, salt and nuts. Mix well. Form into dime sized balls or flattened, if preferred. Place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake at 250° for 25 minutes. While still warm, roll in confectioners sugar. Makes 7 dozen cookies.
title: Meat Loaf In Slow Cooker instructions: Mix all ingredients except potatoes in large bowl. Shape into a loaf. Grease crock-pot. Wrap potatoes in foil and place in bottom. (I cut my potatoes in half, but do not peel.) Place meat loaf on top of rack. To make a full meal, use an aluminum pie pan, one that fits on top, and put in your vegetables. I add butter and also wrap pie tin in foil. Cook 6 to 8 hours.
title: Kentucky Pecan Pie instructions: Combine syrup, sugar, salt, butter and vanilla. Add eggs. Pour into a 9-inch pie shell. Sprinkle pecans over all. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Whipped Cream Pound Cake instructions: In large bowl, cream butter and sugar. Add eggs already beaten. Blend in flour. Add whipped cream. Pour into greased and floured pan. Bake at 325° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Eggplant Casserole instructions: Peel and slice eggplant approximately 1/2 to 3/4 inch thick. Salt and pepper and let stand a few minutes. Brown in Wesson oil and drain. In casserole dish, place 1 layer of eggplant, then onion, then pepper, cheese and tomatoes. Repeat if using a deep dish. Top with bread crumbs. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Angel Biscuits instructions: Sift dry ingredients together. Cut in Crisco until mixed thoroughly. Add buttermilk and dissolved yeast. Work together with a large spoon until all flour is moistened. Cover bowl and put in refrigerator until ready to use as needed. When ready to use, take out as much as needed, roll on a floured board to 1/2-inch thickness and cut. Bake at 400° on a cookie sheet or in a shallow pan for about 12 minutes, until brown. The recipe makes about 6 dozen light flaky biscuits. This dough will keep for several weeks in the refrigerator.
title: Crock-Pot Chicken instructions: Remove skin from chicken; rinse. Sprinkle with paprika, salt and pepper. Place chicken in a crock-pot. Stir together soup and sour cream; spoon over chicken. Cook on low 8 to 9 hours. The "natural" gravy is delicious spooned over rice. (May be cooked on high for half the time, but don't add the sour cream until the last 30 minutes.)
title: Noodle Broccoli Cheese Soup instructions: Heat onion in oil for 3 minutes. Add chicken broth and heat to boiling. Gradually add dry noodles so it continues to boil. Cook 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in broccoli. Cook 5 minutes more. Add milk, cheese and pepper until cheese melts. Stir constantly. Serves 16.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Beat eggs. Stir in sugar, corn syrup, melted butter and chopped pecans. Pour into 2 unbaked pie shells. Bake at 375° for 30 to 40 minutes, until slightly firm.
title: Sausage Balls instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Roll into small balls and place on cookie sheet. Cook at 350°.
title: Vegetable Stock Soup instructions: Mix all ingredients in a large pot. Chop onion real fine. Add more or less salt and pepper. Cook for 1 hour or until done.
title: Whipped Cream Cake instructions: Make the cake according to box. Cool. With a bread knife or electric knife, slice into 3 or 4 layers. Whip cream until peaks form. Fold in dry pudding. Then fold in drained pineapple. Spread between layers, top and sides. Refrigerate. Can decorate top with mandarin orange slices.
title: Potato Cakes instructions: Roll crackers and mix with butter. Use one-half for bottom crust and press into a 6 x 12 x 2-inch pan.
title: Instant Hot Chocolate Mix instructions: Mix all ingredients thoroughly and store in airtight container. Dissolve 1/3 cup mix in 1 cup hot water. Contains 120 calories/cup - no fat.
title: Orange Julius instructions: Blend all ingredients in blender, adding more ice if needed for consistency.
title: Egg Bake instructions: Place cubed bread in a 9 x 13-inch greased pan. Sprinkle over the cubed Spam (may use ham or browned sausage links). Beat eggs; add spices and milk. Mix and pour over bread. Sprinkle on grated cheese. Refrigerate overnight. Bake 1 hour at 325°.
title: Parmesan Bread instructions: Split bread horizontally. Mix all ingredients together and spread on both sides of bread. Place under broiler until lightly brown and bubbly, approximately 10 minutes.
title: Sour Cream Enchiladas instructions: Combine soups, chicken, chilies, sour cream, salt, pepper, and garlic. Simmer for a few minutes. Place a small amount on a limp flour tortilla. Sprinkle with a few green onions and cheese. Roll tortilla and place in baking dish. Repeat with desired number of tortillas. Pour remaining sauce over tortillas. Sprinkle remaining cheese and onions on top. Bake at 350° until bubbly (about 30 minutes).
title: Easy Peach Cobbler instructions: In a quart shallow casserole, combine peaches, sugar, 1 tablespoon baking mix and cinnamon. In medium bowl, mix remaining 2/3 cup baking mix with brown sugar. Cut in margarine until mixture is size of small peas. Stir in milk until moistened; drop by spoonful onto peaches. Bake at 400° for 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted into crust comes out clean. Let stand 5 minutes. Makes about 6 servings.
title: Ice Cream Pie instructions: Crush Pecan Sandies and walnuts. Melt butter and chocolate; add sugar. Beat until smooth; add 3 egg yolks and vanilla. Fold in 3 egg whites (beaten stiff). Place half crumb mixture into a 9 x 15-inch pan. Spread chocolate mixture over this. Chill 2 hours. Spread ice cream over top and sprinkle remaining crumbs on top of this. Crush Heath bars. Spread on top. Freeze overnight.
title: Spicy Pecan Parmesan Pork Or Chicken instructions: Between 2 sheets of plastic/wax wrap, pound meat to 1/4-inch thickness. Combine egg, milk, pepper and garlic in bowl. In another bowl, combine bread crumbs, pecans and Parmesan. Coat meat in flour. Dip slices into egg mixture, then coat with crumb mixture. Place on greased baking sheet. Bake approximately 30 minutes at 375° or until done.
title: Raisin Doughnut Puffs instructions: In mixing bowl, beat egg. Gradually add sugar and beat until very light. Stir in sour cream. Combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, nutmeg and salt. Stir in the raisins. Add to egg mixture, stirring until smooth. Chill dough 1 hour or more. Roll out on lightly floured board to 1/2-inch thickness. Cut with a round cutter 1 to 1 1/2-inches in diameter. Make an "x" slash on top of each with a sharp knife. Fry in hot oil at 375° for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden and cooked through the middle. Mix sugar and cinnamon. Dust the hot cooked puffs with mixture or dust with plain powdered sugar.
title: Porky Balls instructions: Mix by hand. Shape into balls (walnut-size). Bake in 425° oven until brown, approximately 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Maple Peanut Clusters instructions: Mix cream cheese, butter, powdered sugar and maple flavoring together real well. Put in refrigerator and chill. Form in balls and dip in chocolate. Mix peanuts and chocolate and put a cluster on top of each one.
title: My Friend Joyce'S "Bathtub Casserole" instructions: Cook ground beef and next 3 ingredients in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until meat browns and crumbles. Drain well; set aside. Combine chopped pepperoni and next 5 ingredients in a large bowl; stir in meat mixture and cooked pasta shells. Spoon half of mixture into 2 lightly greased 11 x 7 x 1 1/2-inch baking dishes. Sprinkle with half of Parmesan and Mozzarella cheeses. Top with remaining pasta mixture. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until heated; top with remaining cheeses. Bake 5 additional minutes.
title: Buttermilk Pie instructions: Cream butter, sugar and egg yolks; add flour. Beat well. Add buttermilk and stir well. Add well beaten egg whites. Stir enough to mix. Bake as any custard pie in unbaked shell. Tastes very much like Coconut Custard Pie.
title: Haddock In Cream instructions: Mix lemon, pepper, salt, mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Mix with cream and pour over fish. Add onions and bake at 400° for 30 minutes.
title: Angie Weis' Prize Winning Chili instructions: Brown ground beef; drain well. Use 2 to 3 tablespoons beef fat to saute chopped onion, celery and green pepper. Add tomatoes; mash with potato masher. Add hamburger, macaroni and as much tomato sauce as needed. Also, add desired amount of salt, pepper and chili powder (and a few dashes of Tabasco sauce, if desired). Simmer at least 30 minutes. (You may need to add additional tomato sauce and/or water.) No beans! Enjoy!
title: Martha Washington Balls instructions: Mix margarine, sugar, milk, vanilla, pecans and coconut. Roll into marble-size balls. Put in freezer while chocolate is melting.
title: Hobo Stew(Easy)   instructions: Brown beef; drain off fat. Add vegetables, tomato sauce, water, gravy mix and wieners. Cook on medium-high until hot and bubbly. I double this recipe for my family.
title: Asparagus Casserole instructions: Drain asparagus, reserving liquid. Melt butter; blend in flour, salt and pepper. Add evaporated milk to asparagus liquid (enough to make 1 1/2 cups.) Stir into flour mixture; blend until smooth. Cook 2 minutes. Spread asparagus in bottom of greased shallow 1 1/2-quart casserole. Reserve a few asparagus spears for top. Sprinkle half cracker crumbs over asparagus. Add eggs and half of sauce. Sprinkle with remaining crumbs. Arrange rest of asparagus spears over top. Pour remaining sauce over top. Sprinkle with grated cheese. Bake in 350° oven about 30 minutes or until casserole is bubbly.
title: Pumpkin Muffins instructions: Mix together egg, milk, oil and pumpkin. Mix dry ingredients. Cut shortening into dry ingredients. Stir in wet ingredients. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes. Makes 12 to 16.
title: Barbara'S Meatballs instructions: Soak bread in water for 2 to 3 minutes. Add eggs and mix well. Add remaining ingredients. With wet hands, form meat mixture into small balls. Bake in pan at 350° for 20 minutes. Add to spaghetti sauce.
title: Layered Taco Dip instructions: Layer in 9 x 13 x 2 pan or dish in order listed. Serve with chips.
title: Vanilla Cream Pie instructions: Mix sugar, salt and cornstarch. Add milk and egg yolks. Stir well. Blend in butter and vanilla. Stir over double boiler until starts to thicken, then approximately 1 minute longer. Pour into a baked pie shell or graham cracker crust shell. Cool in refrigerator. Garnish with sliced bananas and whipped cream.
title: Apple Cake instructions: Beat eggs and sugar together; sift flour, salt, soda and cinnamon together and add to eggs and sugar. Add oil and fold in apples. Pour into 9 x 12-inch greased and floured pan. Bake at 350° for 35 to 45 minutes.
title: Brown Lentil Soup instructions: Soak lentils overnight. Drain. Place lentils in a deep pot. Add salt pork, onion, carrot, bay leaf, salt and pepper. Add enough water to cover. Add bouillon cubes. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 1 hour.
title: Mediterranean Orzo instructions: Cook orzo according to directions. Drain. Add remaining ingredients.
title: Frosty Strawberry Squares(Mrs. Martin)   instructions: Stir together first 4 ingredients and spread evenly in shallow baking dish. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Let cool. Sprinkle 2/3 of the crumbs in a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. In a large mixing bowl, beat the egg whites, sugar, strawberries and lemon juice at high speed until very stiff peaks form. Fold in the heavy cream (whipped). Pour over crumbs in pan. Sprinkle remaining 1/3 crumbs over top. Freeze overnight. Cut into squares. Garnish with dash of whipped cream and a whole strawberry.
title: Virgina'S Easy Bake Lasagna instructions: Brown meat and drain. Add sauce and water and simmer 10 minutes. Combine rest of ingredients in separate bowl and mix well. In large pan, layer as follows: 1 cup meat sauce on bottom, layer of lasagna pasta, 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce, 1/2 cup cheese mix, lasagna pasta, 1 1/2 cups meat sauce, 1/2 cheese, lasagna pasta and rest of meat sauce. Bake at 350° for 55 to 60 minutes, covered, then 10 minutes uncovered.
title: Key Lime Pie instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients. Pour into pie crust and chill.
title: Never Fail Fudge instructions: Combine sugar, cocoa, syrup and milk. Stir well. Add salt and butter. Place on medium heat and bring to a rapid boil, as soon as mixture begins to boil, time for 6 minutes.
title: Four Bean Salad instructions: Drain and combine beans, onion and celery. Combine salad oil, vinegar and sugar and mix well. Pour over bean mixture and chill.
title: Break-Away Bread instructions: Dissolve yeast in lukewarm water. Put lard in large mixing bowl and pour boiling water over, stir until dissolved. Add salt, sugar, eggs, flour and yeast; mix well. Cover bowl and leave in refrigerator overnight.
title: Millionaire Pie instructions: Cream sugar and oleo together. Add eggs, salt and vanilla. Beat until fluffy. Spoon into bottom of crust. Chill well. Mix Cool Whip, pecans and pineapple together. Spoon on top of pies. Chill well.
title: Honey Nut Bars instructions: Blend flour, sugar and butter together until mixture is crumbly. Add 1/4 cup pecans and reserve the rest. Press mixture into an ungreased 9-inch square pan. Bake 15 minutes or until edges are lightly browned.
title: Baked Penne And Smoked Sausage instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Cut sausage into 1/4-inch slices and brown in skillet; drain. Combine soup and milk in 3-quart casserole. Stir in pasta, sausage, 1/2 cup French fried onions and peas. Bake 30 minutes until hot; stir. Top with remaining cheese and onions. Bake 3 minutes, until golden.
title: Cornbread instructions: In a large bowl mix all ingredients together, except cracklins; beat for 1 minute. Add cracklins. Grease a 12-inch iron skillet or a 13-inch Pyrex dish. Pour mixture into pan. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Chilli instructions: Brown hamburger and onions, drain fat off. Add other ingredients and cook until done. Serve warm.
title: Cathie Mcmahon'S Forgotten Cookies instructions: Beat egg whites until fluffy. Gradually add sugar. Beat until very stiff. Fold in chocolate chips and chopped nuts. Grease cookie sheet. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto the sheet. Preheat oven to 350° (must be a preheated oven!). Place cookies in oven and turn the oven off! Leave the cookies in the oven for 12 hours. Don't open the oven door. Get to make at night and go to sleep.
title: Never Fail Pie Crust instructions: Mix flour, lard and salt up good. Beat egg in cup; add enough milk to finish filling cup. Pour egg and milk mixture over flour and lard mixture. Work all together good. You can roll these out and put in pans and freeze. Freezes very good. Makes about 7 crusts according to pan size.
title: Lemon Chicken Salad instructions: Cook pasta; rinse in cold water and drain. In a large bowl, combine yogurt, mayonnaise and lemon juice. Stir in chicken, pasta, grapes, onions and celery.
title: Cherry Cobbler instructions: Cook rolls according to directions. Heat pie filling with water, sugar and butter and spread over a layer of rolls which have been placed in a baking dish.
title: Raw Potato Pancakes instructions: Beat egg yolks; stir in grated potatoes and a mixture of flour, baking powder and salt. Mix well. Beat egg whites until rounded peaks form. Fold into potato mixture. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of batter for each pancake into skillet (hot grease). Brown on both sides. Serve with applesauce.
title: Pineapple Pie - Nana'S Secret Recipe instructions: Combine pineapple and juice, egg, sugar and flour in a saucepan; stir over medium heat until thickened. Pour into pie crust and cover with second crust. Bake at 375° until top crust is browned (approximately 45 minutes).
title: Springtime Garden Pilaf instructions: In 2-quart saucepan bring water, butter, chicken bouillon, salt, pepper and garlic to a full boil (5 to 7 minutes). Add rice and carrots; return to a full boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer until rice is tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients. Makes eight 2/3 cup servings.
title: Five Cup Salad instructions: Drain all fruit. Mix with sour cream, marshmallows and sugar. Refrigerate.
title: Fruit Pizza instructions: Spread cookie dough on a lightly greased pizza pan. Bake and cool. Combine cream cheese and Cool Whip. Spread mixture on cool cookie crust. Then top with fruit.
title: Turkey And Soba Noodle Salad instructions: Cook the soba noodles according to package instructions. Drain. Rinse with cold water. Drain again. Transfer to a large bowl and toss with sesame oil. Place the snow peas in a colander and pour boiling water over them. Rinse with cold water and drain. Add the snow peas, turkey, scallions and parsley to the noodles and toss. Gradually add the Peanut Sauce and gently toss together until well combined. Serve the noodle salad chilled or at room temperature. Serves 6.
title: Old Fashioned Blackberry Jam instructions: Measure blackberries that have been cleaned and washed. Crush well and add an equal amount of sugar in a large kettle. Mix well. Bring to a quick boil and cook rapidly, stirring often. Cook until large bubbles appear. Ladle into jars and seal.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Mix together and beat well sugar, salad oil, 3 egg yolks and hot water and then add flour, cinnamon, soda, salt, nutmeg and baking powder. Add carrots and walnuts. Fold in beaten egg whites. Bake in greased and floured tube pan for 45 minutes at 350°. This needs no icing.
title: Peanut Butter Bread instructions: Mix flour, sugar, salt and baking powder. Add peanut butter, working into dry ingredients. Add 1 egg, beaten with milk. Mix gently; do not beat. Bake 1 hour in small loaf pan at 350°. Use toothpick to check doneness. Top usually cracks.
title: Old Fashioned Pound Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar; add eggs, one at a time. Fold in flour. Add flavorings and lemon juice. Bake at 325° for 1 to 1 1/2 hours in greased tube pan.
title: Fresh Lemonade instructions: To make 2 quarts, dissolve sugar in hot water. Add lemon juice and remaining water. Add lemon peel if desired. Serve over ice.
title: Eggnog instructions: Add egg to milk; beat well.	Add sugar and vanilla. Pour into tall glass and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
title: Pumpkin Dessert instructions: Mix first 8 ingredients. Spread in greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Sprinkle one large white or yellow cake mix "dry" evenly over pumpkin. Drizzle melted oleo over dry cake. Bake at 425° for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350° and bake for 45 minutes. Bake until knife comes out clean. Top with Cool Whip.
title: Souper Burgers instructions: Brown onion and ground beef. Drain off fat. Add soup, catsup and mustard. Heat until thoroughly warm. Season to taste. Serve on buns or over rice.
title: Dreamsicle Delight(Sugar-Free)   instructions: While Jell-O is chilling, whip cream cheese with mixer until smooth and creamy. Add Splenda and vanilla. Add chilled Jell-O and whip into cream cheese until well blended. Pour into Jell-O mold or bowl. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 2 to 3 hours. Serve with whipped cream.
title: Garden Stir-Fry instructions: Cut chicken breasts diagonally into thin strips. Heat one tablespoon oil in large skillet or wok. Stir-fry chicken strips and garlic until chicken loses its pink color. Remove from pan and set aside. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil. Stir-fry the onion, zucchini and green pepper for 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and tomatoes. Continue to stir-fry an additional 3 minutes. Return chicken to skillet. Add spaghetti. Stir-fry until heated through. Serves 3 to 4.
title: Salmon Loaf instructions: Drain salmon; add it to the other liquids. Mix everything together. Bake in loaf pan for 1 hour at 375°. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
title: Holiday Eggnog instructions: If using blender, cut recipe in half.
title: Neiman-Marcus Cookies(Recipe May Be Halved)   instructions: Measure oatmeal, and blend in a blender to a fine powder. Cream the butter and both sugars. Add eggs and vanilla, mix together with flour, oatmeal, salt, baking powder, and soda. Add chocolate chips, Hershey bar, and nuts. Roll into balls and place two inches apart on a cookie sheet. Bake for 10 minutes in 375 degree oven. Makes 112 cookies.
title: Easy Chicken Dinner instructions: Combine ingredients in saucepan and heat thoroughly on low heat. Stir until heated. Serve over rice. Serves 4.
title: Orange Jello Salad instructions: Mix cottage cheese, Cool Whip and jello well. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Cool at least 2 hours.
title: Delicious Pecans instructions: In a 12-inch skillet, combine all ingredients. Cook over medium heat, stirring often, until liquid disappears and nuts have a glazed appearance. Pour onto a long pan covered with wax paper. Separate nuts quickly, using a fork. Cool completely. Store in covered container. Refrigerate or freeze for longer preservation.
title: Flan(Spanish Custard)   instructions: Beat eggs well; add sugar, milk and vanilla and mix well. Brown sugar in pan you are going to bake it in. Pour everything in it and set in a pan of water. Bake for 1 hour at 375°, then cool it and turn over to serve.
title: Baked Potatoes In Blankets instructions: Pound the round steak with edge of heavy saucer or meat pounder and cut into pieces the proper size to wrap around the potatoes. Rub a small amount of salt on the peeled raw potatoes and wrap the pieces of steak around them, fastening them with toothpicks. Roll in the flour mixed with the salt and brown in hot fat. Place in a greased covered casserole; cover and bake in a moderately slow oven (325°) for 1 hour and 20 minutes or until potatoes are done. From time to time during the baking, pour on a small amount of hot water to prevent drying of the steak. If desired, catsup may be put over the meat a few minutes before serving and if any liquid remains in the bottom of the casserole, it may be served as gravy.
title: Christmas Cookies instructions: Mix margarine, sugar, eggs and molasses. Mix in coffee. In a separate bowl, mix together flour, pepper, cloves, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg, baking powder and 2 tablespoons anise seed. Mix dry ingredients into coffee mixture. It will be sticky so add a little more flour to make dough stiff. Roll out thin. Cut with cookie cutters. Bake at 350° and watch carefully. Make a thin frosting of powdered sugar, water and a drop of vanilla. Frost first, then use colored sprinkles.
title: K T'S Potato Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients and put in greased casserole. Sprinkle with chives and paprika (optional). Bake 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Kahlua Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 350° for 55 minutes in tube pan.
title: Brussels Sprouts With Balsamic Vinegar instructions: Trim off the stems and remove any limp leaves from Brussels sprouts. Blanch the sprouts in boiling water to cover for 5 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Heat a large frying pan and add the olive oil, garlic and onion. Saute a few minutes until the onion just becomes tender. Add the blanched drained Brussels sprouts. Saute a few minutes until the Brussels sprouts are cooked to your liking. Add the vinegar and toss so that all the sprouts are coated with vinegar. Add the butter and salt and pepper to taste and toss together again. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Pineapple-Buttermilk Salad instructions: Combine pineapple and sugar in a saucepan; bring to a boil, stirring until dissolved. Cool. Add buttermilk and stir until combined. Fold in whipped topping and pecans. Spoon into a 12 x 8 x 2-inch Pyrex dish and chill until firm. Cut salad into squares to serve. Yields 12 servings.
title: Popcorn Balls instructions: Boil to a soft crack stage when dropped into cool water. Pour over 8 to 10 quarts popcorn (salted). When cool enough to handle, grease hands and make into balls.
title: Polenta instructions: Mix cornmeal, cold water and salt together. Add to the 3 cups boiling water. Cook until done, about 20 minutes.
title: Easy Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. In large bowl, beat milk and butter until smooth. Add biscuit mix and vanilla; mix well. Shape into 1-inch balls. Roll in sugar. Place 2-inches apart on an ungreased baking sheet. Do not flatten. Bake 6 to 8 minutes or until lightly browned (do not overbake). Press Hershey's Kisses in center of each ball immediately after baking. Cool. Store tightly covered at room temperature.
title: Dandelion Wine instructions: Wash blossoms well and drain. In a large container with cover, pour boiling water over dandelion blossoms and let stand overnight. The next morning, strain out blossoms and discard them. Return liquid to container and add sugar.
title: French Chocolate Pie(Serves 6)   instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add melted chocolate and vanilla. Add one egg at a time, beating 3 minutes after each. Prepare favorite graham cracker crust and bake. Cool. Add filling and refrigerate. When ready to serve, cover pie with whipped cream and toasted almonds.
title: Cucumber Soup instructions: Pare 1 cucumber. Cut both into slices (reserve 6 slices for garnish, refrigerate wrapped). Pour 1/4 cup buttermilk and 1/2 cucumber slices into blender, beat until smooth, add remaining slices, salt, pepper and onion. Beat until smooth. Stir in remaining buttermilk. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or very cold. Serves 6 to 8. Add garnishes before serving. (Cut up chives may also serves as garnishes.)
title: Poached Chicken instructions: Wash chicken with cold water. Place in a large saucepan. Add water halfway up the chicken with 1/2 teaspoon salt for every quart of water. Cover; simmer for 1 hour, turning once or twice. Cool chicken in the broth and refrigerate until needed.
title: Rhubarb Jam instructions: Cook the rhubarb and sugar over low heat until sugar dissolves. Boil hard for 10 minutes. Add the Jell-O and boil 3 minutes. Skim and put in jars. Seal.
title: Vinaigrette Dressing instructions: In a jar that has a lid, sprinkle in herbs to the amount you choose and then the liquids. Shake well and chill.
title: Rice And Beef Porcupines instructions: Mix all ingredients except tomato sauce and water. Form mixture into 10 or 12 small balls. Brown them lightly in uncovered saucepan; drain off excess fat. Add tomato sauce and water. Cover tightly; simmer 45 to 50 minutes or until rice is tender. Serve with pan gravy.
title: Cranberry Pie instructions: Spread cranberries over bottom of greased 10-inch pie plate. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup sugar and nuts. Beat eggs well. Add remaining 1 cup sugar gradually and beat until thoroughly mixed. Add flour and melted butter. Beat well. Pour batter over cranberries.
title: Jello Salad instructions: You can use less water than directions call for to mix Jell-O, then use the pineapple juice and strawberry juice. Mix Jell-O and let cool.
title: Summer Squash Casserole instructions: Add squash to boiling water and cook until tender.
title: Tuna-Ripe Olive Loaf instructions: Combine crumbs, milk and heat to boiling. Cook, stirring constantly about 1 minute. Remove from heat; add small amount of eggs and mix well. Stir into balance of hot mixture. Add remaining ingredients. Mix well. Pour into greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2-inch loaf pan. Place in shallow pan of hot water (approximately 1-inch deep). Bake at 375° for 1 hour. Serve hot with sliced ripe olives. Makes 6 servings.
title: Butter Rolls instructions: Combine all ingredients and work dough until nice and smooth. Roll out; cut in squares. Fill with nut or prune filling. Roll and shape into horns. Bake in moderate oven for 20 minutes. Apricot jam also works well for filling.
title: Erline'S Pineapple Pie(Icebox)   instructions: Combine pineapple, flour, sugar, salt, lemon juice and sour cream. Cook slowly until thick. Cook an additional 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Beat 2 egg yolks and add small amount of mixture. Transfer to pot of filling. Cook additional 2 minutes. Bake in 9-inch pie shell with meringue until light brown.
title: Baked Ham instructions: Bake ham according to instructions on package; usually 350° for 20 minutes per pound. Mix brown sugar, mustard and cloves and pour over top and sides of ham. Return to oven and bake 20 minutes more. Let sit 30 minutes before slicing. Refrigerate leftovers for another meal or to make sandwiches.
title: Fresh Apple Coffee Cake instructions: Combine apples, 1/4 cup unsweetened orange juice and cinnamon in a bowl; stir well and set aside.
title: Grandpa Nystrom'S Swedish Hotcakes instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Melt butter in the oven in an ovenproof dish. I use glass pie pan. Mix ingredients in bowl. When butter is melted, pour in batter. Bake for about 15 to 20 minutes until golden brown and puffed. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and lemon. We top with fresh fruit, too. Serve immediately. Serves one or two.
title: Sour Cream Cornbread instructions: Combine corn, sour cream, eggs, sugar and oil. Beat well. Add corn meal and baking powder. Mix well. Pour in a greased 10-inch baking dish. Bake	at 400° for 30 minutes or until top is golden brown. Serve warm.
title: Glazed Sweet Potatoes instructions: Place potatoes in a 1-quart casserole, coated with cooking spray. Combine cornstarch and brown sugar in a small bowl. Add orange and lemon juices, stirring well. Pour over potatoes. Cover and bake at 425° for 40 minutes or just until potatoes are tender and glaze is thickened.
title: Crock-Pot Cabbage Rolls instructions: Immerse cabbage leaves in large kettle of boiling water for about 3 minutes or until limp; drain. Combine egg, milk, onion, salt, pepper, beef and cooked rice. Place about 1/4 cup meat mixture in center of each leaf; fold in sides and roll ends over meat. Place in crock-pot. Combine tomato sauce with brown sugar, lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce. Pour over cabbage rolls. Cover and cook on low 7 to 9 hours. Makes 6 servings.
title: Poppy Seed Cake instructions: Combine all ingredients. Mix at medium speed 5 minutes. Pour in greased Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Cool 15 minutes; remove.
title: Hamburger Casserole instructions: Brown ground beef in pan. Add garlic, peppers, parsley and onion. Simmer 5 minutes. Pour meat mixture into casserole dish. Pour can of mushroom soup over meat. Top with Tater Tots. Bake at 350° for one hour. Sprinkle grated cheese on top and brown.
title: Kool-Aid Punch instructions: Mix together and freeze. When ready to use, let thaw until mushy. Add ginger ale.
title: Grandma'S Cranberry Candles instructions: You also need 8 (6 ounce) fruit juice cans or paper cups and 8 birthday candles.
title: Nacho Dip instructions: In a large casserole dish, spread refried beans evenly across bottom. In skillet, brown ground beef; season with salt, pepper and garlic to taste. Drain fat and layer over beans evenly.
title: Jigtime Mayonniase instructions: Blend first 6 ingredients 5 seconds. While blending, pour in oil very slowly.
title: Mom'S Dream Cake instructions: Combine all ingredients in large mixing bowl; blend until moist. Beat on medium-speed for 4 minutes. Pour into greased and floured 10-inch tube or Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes. Cool in pan for a few minutes.
title: Big Red Ice Cream instructions: Put Eagle Brand milk in ice cream freezer, then fill remainder to the fill line with Big Red. Put lid on. Surround with ice and rock salt. Crank until firm. Delicious!
title: Grandma'S Sweet Noodle Pudding instructions: Boil and drain noodles according to box directions. Add Crisco and beaten eggs. Mix in rest of ingredients. Put in 11 x 9-inch pan. Sprinkle top with cinnamon (liberally). Bake for 1 hour at 350°. Serve hot or cold.
title: Mud Pie instructions: Blend cream cheese, butter and vanilla until smooth and set aside. Beat milk and pudding until fluffy. Fold in Cool Whip. Then fold in first mixture.
title: Sugar-Glazed Peanuts instructions: Mix all ingredients in 2-quart saucepan. Cook until water is all gone and sugar has crystallized. Then spread mixture on cookie sheet and bake for 30 minutes in 300° oven.
title: Crock-Pot Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Mix all ingredients together and put in crock-pot which has been greased with 2 tablespoons shortening. Top with slices of cheese. Cook 3 to 4 hours on low.
title: Seven Layer Cookies instructions: Layer ingredients in pan in order listed. Bake at 350° until lightly brown (30 to 35 minutes).
title: Vegetable Casserole instructions: Drain beans and corn; layer in bottom of oven-safe baking dish. Add salt and pepper to taste. Mix onion, cheese, sour cream and soup in separate bowl. Pour over vegetables and spread to edges of dish. Mix crackers and butter. Crumble over top of soup mixture. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 35 to 45 minutes or until crackers brown and mixture is bubbly.
title: Strawberry Bread instructions: Blend flour, soda, salt and cinnamon. Add sugar, strawberries (thawed), eggs and oil. Grease and flour loaf pans. Pour batter into pans, and bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Sour Cream Potatoes instructions: Peel potatoes and slice thin. Cook until tender in boiling water. Combine all remaining ingredients. Place potatoes in a greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish and pour sour cream mixture over them, spreading evenly. Bake at 375° for 40 minutes.
title: Apple Brown Betty instructions: Melt butter and stir in bread crumbs. Set aside. Combine sugar and cinnamon. Heat oven to 350°. Grease baking dish, cover bottom with part of apples. Sprinkle sugar mixture, then walnuts and then bread crumbs. Repeat layers, ending with crumbs on top. Cover and bake 1 hour. Remove cover last 15 minutes of baking.
title: Quick And Easy Breakfast Pizza instructions: Press crescent roll dough on pizza pan. Top with sausage and cheese. Beat eggs with milk, salt and pepper. Pour over crust. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Bake at 375° for 15 to 20 minutes, until the crust is golden brown and eggs are set. Cut into slices and enjoy!
title: Pork Roast And Mustard Gravy instructions: Place pork roast in a Dutch oven. Salt and pepper to taste and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then turn heat down to medium. Cook thoroughly, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Remove from heat and slice. Place slices in an ovenproof casserole dish and sprinkle with a little more pepper. Place in a 325° oven for 15 to 20 minutes. While roast is in oven, bring 1 1/2 cups of broth to a boil. Dissolve 2 tablespoons of flour in 1/4 cup water. Stir into boiling broth. Keep stirring to keep lumps from forming. Add mustard and cook until smooth. Gravy may be poured over roast, or served separately.
title: Cole Slaw instructions: Mix mayonnaise, sugar and vinegar; mixing well. Stir in carrot and onion. Add mayonnaise mixture to cabbage; stir to coat.
title: Sausage Stuffing instructions: Brown sausage. Remove from pan. Put celery and onions in same pan and saute until tender. Set aside. Crumble cornbread and bread in large bowl. Add sauteed vegetables and sausage. Add mushrooms with juice. Mix. Add all dry ingredients. Mix. Pour in broth little at a time, mixing until all added. Stuff turkey and bake. You'll have enough to bake some by itself.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: In saucepan, melt butter and then mix flour, salt and pepper. Cook over low heat until mixture is smooth and bubbly. Stir in cream and broth. Boil 1 minute. Add chicken and vegetables. Pour into unbaked pie shell and top with unbaked pie pastry. Bake at 425° for 35 to 40 minutes until brown. You may use leftover turkey instead of chicken if you want.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Mix ingredients and bake in greased and floured pan at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Jello Salad Supreme instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water. Add vinegar, salt and cayenne pepper. Chill. When slightly thickened, stir in cabbage, apples and olives. Chill until firm. Serve on lettuce with mayonnaise. Serves 8.
title: Tomato Lemon Bisque instructions: Cook the first 3 ingredients for 45 minutes. Blend together and add the rest.
title: Gladys' Meat Loaf instructions: Mix all ingredients together well, except cheese and bay leaves. Place in a baking pan with bay leaves on top. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours. Remove bay leaves and top with cheese until cheese is melted.
title: Angel Salad instructions: Cream the cheese with sugar and vanilla. Fold in Cool Whip with mixer. Drain pineapple and fruit cocktail. Add bananas and nuts. Chill before serving. Can be made the night before.
title: Turkey Stuffing instructions: Simmer giblets and turkey gizzards and neck in one can chicken broth; add enough water to cover. Add Nature's Seasons, poultry seasoning, sage, chopped parsley, minced onion, salt and pepper to taste. When fully cooked, drain off broth and reserve in refrigerator until ready to stuff turkey. Dice meat finely or put through meat grinder.
title: Taco Salad instructions: Cook beef with taco seasoning according to directions. Shred head of lettuce into large bowl; add chopped onion and tomatoes. Add meat, when cool, and grated cheese. Crush tortilla chips and add just before serving. Add Catalina dressing to taste.
title: Breakfast Casserole instructions: Cook sausage until done, breaking into little bits. Drain and set aside.
title: Cajun Fried Turkey instructions: Liquify all ingredients, except turkey, in blender. Inject liquified ingredients into turkey. Marinate turkey in refrigerator 24 hours. Deep fry turkey in pot 4 minutes per pound at 350°.
title: Strawberry Tunnel Cake instructions: Cut 1-inch slice crosswise from top of cake; set aside. With sharp knife, cut around cake 1-inch from center hole and 1-inch from outer edge. Remove cake from center, leaving 1-inch thick layer on bottom of cake. This is your tunnel. Reserve cake pieces.
title: Cheese Sandwich instructions: Place cheese sandwich in microwave for 30 seconds.
title: Hamburger Cookies instructions: *Tip: To tint coconut, place coconut and 1 to 2 drops of green food coloring in a jar or resealable plastic container. Seal container and shake until all colored.
title: Southern Garlic Grits instructions: *Hard to find cheese; I use 1 clove garlic with grated American cheese.
title: Strawberry Frozen Yogurt instructions: Place sugar and egg white in top of double boiler over simmering water. With electric mixer at high speed, beat constantly until mixture thickens and forms soft peaks, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat. Add yogurt, strawberry puree and vanilla to thickened mixture; stir until combined. Pour mixture into container of ice cream freezer and process following manufacturer's directions. Transfer to storage container, cover and freeze.
title: Mexican Corn Bread instructions: Combine ingredients in a large bowl. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch pan and bake at 400° for 40 minutes or until done.
title: Cranberry Relish instructions: Chop fruit, mix together and refrigerate.
title: Pumpkin Pie instructions: Mix the sugar, flour, salt and spices together and stir into pumpkin. Add diluted Milnot and eggs. Add nuts at this point if you are using them. Pour into pie shell and bake at 450° for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 350° and continue baking for another 20 to 25 minutes or until filling is firm. Garnish with whipped Milnot topping.
title: Peanut Butter Balls instructions: Using a large pot, bring sugar and corn syrup to a boil (stir until sugar melts). Remove from heat immediately. Stir in peanut butter and cornflakes until well mixed. Roll into balls and place on wax paper till cool.
title: Crab And Olive Quesadillas(Makes 32)   instructions: Combine all ingredients, except tortillas. Spread 2 tablespoons mixture onto each tortilla; fold in half. Bake at 400° for 8 minutes or until golden. Cut each into 4 wedges.
title: Cream Cheese Pound Cake instructions: Cream the margarine, cream cheese and sugar until real creamy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time; mix well after each. Add flour, 1 cup at a time. Mix. Add vanilla. Grease and flour tube pan. Bake in a 300° oven for 1 hour, then at 325° for 20 minutes.
title: Spicy Peanut Chicken instructions: Place chicken in greased baking dish, skin side up. Mix all other ingredients and pour over chicken. Bake 1 hour and 10 minutes in a preheated 350° oven or until very tender. Serve over a bed of yellow rice. Spoon extra sauce on rice, if desired. Garnish with parsley, tomatoes, spring onions or bell pepper.
title: Squash Pie(Sugarless)   instructions: Heat and stir dates and water. Cook until smooth. Put dates, egg white, squash, spices and milk into blender and process until smooth. Pour into unbaked 9-inch pie pastry and bake at 400° for 15 minutes, then at 350° for 20 minutes.
title: Country Apple Dessert instructions: Heat oven to 350°. In a large bowl combine cake mix, margarine and 1 egg at low speed until crumbly. Press in ungreased 13 x 9-inch pan. Spread with pie filling. Combine brown sugar, nuts and cinnamon. Sprinkle over apples.
title: Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Combine all dry ingredients and set aside. Beat margarine, sugar, vanilla and eggs until light and fluffy. Blend in flour mixture. Stir in chips. Drop from tablespoon, 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 375° for about 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Do not overbake. Makes about 6 dozen cookies.
title: Icebox Fruit Cake instructions: Mix everything together until well mixed. Press into casserole dish and let sit in refrigerator until chilled.
title: Blueberry Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water. Add cream cheese; stir until tiny flecks of white remain. Add the mixed pineapple and blueberry juice. Add the fruits and chill until almost set. Fold in the Dream Whip which has been mixed following directions on package.
title: Liver And Onions instructions: In skillet, cook bacon until crisp; remove and crumble. Dust liver with flour; brown lightly in bacon drippings. Stir in soup. Cover; simmer 5 minutes or until done. Stir occasionally. Garnish with bacon. Serve with cooked rice. Makes 4 servings.
title: Easy Chicken And Spaghetti instructions: Boil chicken in a pot of water. Remove chicken when cooked, reserving broth. Cook green pepper and onion in a skillet sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Add tomatoes with juice and cheese. Debone chicken and add to cheese mixture. Cook spaghetti in reserved chicken broth. Drain cooked spaghetti and mix with cheese and chicken. Pour into a casserole dish. Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Amish Cornmeal Muffins instructions: Sift dry ingredients together. Add milk, eggs and melted shortening.
title: Veggie Dip instructions: Mix together. Refrigerate for a couple hours before serving with raw vegetables. Easy to make a half batch.
title: Spinach Squares instructions: In a large bowl, combine flour, salt and baking powder. Stir in beaten eggs, milk and oleo. Add remaining ingredients and stir until moistened. Pour into a lightly greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Cut into small squares. Can be made ahead, frozen and reheated.
title: Roasted Pumpkin Seeds instructions: Mix all ingredients and spread on cookie sheet. Bake approximately 1 hour at 250°. Stir often until seeds are no longer wet and are nicely browned.
title: Shrimp With Tomato Sauce instructions: Remove stem, seeds and membrane from jalapeno; chop. Cook and stir pepper, onion and garlic in margarine in 2-quart saucepan until onion is tender. Add tomatoes, celery, lemon juice, salt, sugar and pepper. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir shrimp into tomato sauce. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes. Serve over rice. Garnish with parsley.
title: Hershey'S Great American Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Stir together flour, baking soda and salt. In large bowl, beat margarine, sugar, brown sugar and vanilla until creamy. Add eggs; beat well. Gradually add flour mixture, beating well. Stir in milk chocolate chips and nuts. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until slightly browned. Cool slightly; remove to wire rack. Cool completely. Makes 6 dozen cookies.
title: Askins Brew instructions: Boil 1 1/2 cups boiling water, cloves, cinnamon, ginger and tea bags,	then simmer. Let steep 15 minutes. In large pan, boil 2 minutes 7 1/2 cups water and sugar. Add jello, orange juice, pineapple juice and lemon juice.	Makes 1 1/2 gallons.
title: Special Brownies instructions: Mix brownie mix as directed for chewy brownies and add nuts and chocolate chips. Do not cook as directed. Undercook. Cook about 20 minutes, then let stand 3 or 4 minutes in turned-off oven with door open. Then remove and let cool.
title: Marinade For Flank Steak instructions: Mix all ingredients and place them on the steak for 45 minutes to 2 hours. Grill and enjoy.
title: Bean Salad instructions: Mix together vinegar, sugar and salad oil. Pour over beans, green pepper and onion. Stir occasionally and chill several hours. Drain before serving.
title: Herb Sauteed Green Peppers instructions: In 12-inch skillet, over medium heat, in hot butter, cook all ingredients until peppers are tender, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Black Bottom Squares instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix first 4 ingredients for 4 to 5 minutes or until well blended (I use food processor). Add chips; blend, not using food processor. Set aside.
title: Pretzel Salad instructions: Mix pretzel crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar and melted butter. Press into a 9 x 13-inch dish and bake 10 minutes at 350°. Cool. Whip the cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Fold in Cool Whip. Spread over crust and refrigerate. Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Add frozen strawberries. When mixture has thickened, pour over cream cheese layer. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. Even better if made a day ahead.
title: No Peek Oven Stew instructions: Combine all ingredients in roasting pan, mix well. Cover with aluminum foil and bake at 275° for 3 1/2 hours. Do not lift cover. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Combine ingredients in order and bake at 350°.
title: Forgotten Chicken instructions: Combine rice, mushroom soup, celery soup and milk in bottom of 9 x 13-inch casserole dish. Place chicken on the bed of rice and soups. Sprinkle 1 package dry French onion soup over the chicken pieces. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for 2 hours.
title: Date Nut Cookies instructions: Mix all ingredients together and bake in a 9-inch pan for 30 minutes at 325° to 350°. Cut and roll in powdered sugar.
title: French Pound Cake instructions: Beat the butter until fluffy. Add the sugar. Add the eggs, one at a time, and beat. At slow mixing speed, alternate dry ingredients and milk. Spoon into tube pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Do not open oven. Cool in pan on rack for 15 minutes. Remove cake; place on rack to complete cooling.
title: King Ranch Casserole instructions: Stew chicken until very well done. Tear into strips and mix with Ro-Tel tomatoes. Mix soup, sour cream and and green chilies. Tear tortillas into bite size pieces.
title: Spicy Bean Dip instructions: Cook beef, onion and garlic until light brown and tender. Stir in tomato sauce, catsup, oregano and sugar. Cover; simmer 10 minutes. Spoon off fat. Remove from heat and add cheeses. Stir until melted and well mixed.
title: Delicious Dessert instructions: Mix and put into bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 325° for 12 minutes. Cool and break up with fork to make crumbs.
title: Pineapple Upside-Down Cake instructions: Melt butter. In a square baking dish mix brown sugar and butter. Put pineapple on top with cherries in the middle. Mix cake mix as directed on box.
title: White Chocolate Cake instructions: Melt chocolate in the boiling water. Set aside to cool. Cream the butter and sugar until fluffy. Mix in egg yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add melted chocolate and vanilla. Sift together flour and soda. Add to creamed mixture with buttermilk. Do not overmix at this point. Beat egg whites until stiff and fold in batter. Stir in pecans and coconut. Pour in 3 greased and floured pans. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes.
title: Squirrel Stew instructions: Boil squirrels. Leave standing in water cooked in. Cook onion, celery, carrots, salt and pepper. Take squirrel off bone while vegetables are cooking. When vegetables are cooked, put potatoes in squirrel water and cook. Put potatoes and vegetables in bowl together with squirrel meat and add cornstarch to squirrel water and thicken to make gravy. Then pour over meat and vegetables and serve.
title: Apples In Irish Mist instructions: You will need pottery or China dish, 8-inches (20.5 cm) square.
title: Scalloped Sweet Potatoes instructions: Cook, peel and halve sweet potatoes. Arrange sweet potatoes in shallow baking dish and sprinkle with salt. Bring sugar and 1/4 cup water to boil, add margarine and pour over ingredients in baking dish. Bake, uncovered, in preheated 350° oven about 30 minutes. Makes 4 servings.
title: Honey Mustard Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients together.
title: Five Flavor Pound Cake instructions: Cream together margarine, Crisco and sugar. Add eggs one at a time. Add alternately dry ingredients and liquid. Bake about 1 hour at 325° in Bundt pan or tube pan.
title: Dump It Cake instructions: Grease a 9 x 13-inch pan. Dump applesauce into pan and spread evenly. Then dump pineapple on top of applesauce and then spread evenly again. Spread the cake mix on top of mixture. Pour the melted butter on top of the cake mix. Now sprinkle the chopped nuts on top of butter. (Note: Do not stir.)
title: Aunt Juana'S 20 Minute Rolls instructions: Mix ingredients and let sit only 15 minutes. Mix and shape into rolls. Let rise only 10 minutes. Bake at 425° for 10 to 15 minutes. Makes 6 dozen. Ready in 1 hour.
title: Hash Brown Casserole instructions: In a large bowl, combine the soup, sour cream and garlic salt. Add potatoes and cheese; mix well. Pour into a greased 13 x 9 pan. Top with Parmesan cheese. Bake uncovered at 350° for 55 to 60 minutes or until potatoes are tender.
title: Benne Cookies instructions: Combine all ingredients. Drop by 1/2 teaspoon onto greased cookie sheet. Press down with a wet fork. Bake at 325° for 10 minutes.
title: Fresh Strawberry Pie instructions: Pour 1 cup boiling water over the ingredients. Bring to a slight boil. Let stand and cool completely.
title: Skillet Chicken Italiano instructions: In skillet, brown chicken in oil. Pour off fat. Add remaining ingredients. Cover; simmer for 45 minutes, or until done. Stir occasionally. Makes 4 servings.
title: Chocolate Chess Pie instructions: Mix last 7 ingredients together. Pour into crust. Bake at 325° until set (about 30 to 40 minutes).
title: Chocolate Chip Dessert instructions: Soak cookies in milk. Cover bottom of dish with Cool Whip. Add a layer of cookies and continue layering with Cool Whip and cookies. Keep refrigerated. Best if refrigerated overnight.
title: Confetti Cookies instructions: Cream the cream cheese, margarine, egg and vanilla. Add cake mix, a third at a time. Chill 30 minutes. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes at 375°.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Mix ingredients. Pour into a prepared graham cracker crust; freeze.
title: Easy Low-Fat Pork Chops instructions: Foil line a 9 x 13 pan or baking dish. Place chops flat and pour the sauce evenly over meat, adding enough water to cover, if necessary. Bake at 400° about 1 hour, until tender. If you like, you may brown by turning on broiler for about 5 minutes.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Mix first 6 ingredients together and put in greased casserole dish. Mix last 4 ingredients together and sprinkle over sweet potato mixture. Bake at 350° for approximately 30 minutes. Serves 10.
title: Date Cookies instructions: Cream the Crisco and sugar until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, and beat until smooth. Add other ingredients. Preheat oven to 375°. Bake until brown.
title: Broccoli Dish instructions: Thaw broccoli in a pan of hot water; mix all ingredients in a large casserole dish. Bake 1 hour at 350°.
title: Classic Green Bean Casserole instructions: In medium bowl, combine beans, milk, soup, pepper and 1/2 can of onions. Pour into a 1 1/2-quart baking dish. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 30 minutes, or until heated through. Top with remaining onions. Bake, uncovered, for 5 minutes, or until onions are golden brown. Makes 6 servings.
title: Broccoli Corn Bread instructions: Mix first 6 ingredients, then pour into melted margarine in 9 x 12-inch pan. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes.
title: Angel Biscuits instructions: Mix flour, oil and sugar, then add buttermilk and yeast. Stir good. Put it in a bowl and set in refrigerator and it will rise. You can use as much as you want until used up. Work up as you do any biscuits and bake at 450° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Milk Chocolate Bar Cake instructions: Prepare cake batter according to directions on box. Pour into 2 greased and floured 8-inch round cake pans. Bake at 325° for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool and divide to make 4 layers.
title: Banana Pudding instructions: Mix pudding mix with milk and cook. Layer wafers and bananas in deep bowl.
title: Low Calorie Tuna Salad instructions: Put drained tuna into bowl and shred with fork tines. Add the no-fat Miracle Whip salad dressing. Pour Equal sweetener onto the Miracle Whip and stir well. Salt and pepper to taste. Great on toasted bread! Serves 8.
title: Mexican Garden Casserole instructions: In medium saucepan, combine corn, onion, green pepper, celery, carrots and water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, covered. Do not drain liquid from vegetables. In a large mixing bowl, combine squash, tomato, 3/4 cup of the cheese, cornmeal, milk, eggs, pepper and hot sauce. Add undrained vegetables to cornmeal mixture; mix well. Turn into greased 9 x 12-inch casserole pan. Top with remaining cheese. Bake, uncovered, in a 350° oven for 45 to 50 minutes or until heated thoroughly.
title: Old Fashioned Waldorf Salad instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients. Toss gently to coat and chill 1 to 2 hours. Spoon salad into a lettuce lined serving bowl. Garnish with apple wedges and pecan nuts. Yields 10 servings.
title: Banana Chocolate Chip Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cream sugar, egg and butter together in a large bowl. Set aside.
title: Pretzel Salad instructions: Combine pretzels with margarine and sugar. Press in 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 400° for 8 minutes. Cool.
title: Sour Cream Coconut Cake instructions: Bake cake; split the 3 layers into 6 layers.
title: Pickle Peach Slices instructions: Drain peaches in saucepan. Set peaches aside. To juice, add sugar, vinegar, cloves, allspice and cinnamon stick and bring to a boil. Simmer 5 minutes. Pour over peaches in heat-proof bowl. Cover and chill overnight.
title: Home On The Range Cookies instructions: Mix dry ingredients. Blend shortening, sugar and eggs. Beat until fluffy. Add dry ingredients; stir in rolled oats, vanilla and chocolate chips. Spoon onto greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Country-Style Casserole instructions: In a large bowl, combine the first five ingredients. Stir in hash browns, chicken and carrots, if desired. Transfer to a greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Cover and bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes. Uncover; bake 15 to 20 minutes longer or until bubbly.
title: Old Time Popcorn Balls instructions: Butter sides of saucepan. In it, combine sugar, water, salt, syrup and vinegar. Cook to hard ball stage. Stir in vanilla. Slowly pour over popped corn, stirring just to mix well. Butter hands and shape into balls.
title: Lettuce Salad instructions: Drain pineapple and oranges. Stir over low heat until coated the almonds and sugar. Cool and break apart. Set aside. Put remaining ingredients in a plastic bag.
title: Fig Preserve Cake instructions: Cream sugar, eggs and salad oil until well blended. Sift together flour and spices. Dissolve soda in buttermilk and add flour mixture and buttermilk to the egg mixture. Add fig preserves and pecans. Bake in a greased tube pan at 350° for about 1 hour or until done. This makes a large cake that will keep in the refrigerator indefinitely. It can also be frozen.
title: Blond Brownies instructions: Melt margarine. Add brown sugar. Cool. Add the remainder of the ingredients. Pour into a greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 325° for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool and cut into bars.
title: Praline Cookies instructions: Mix ingredients together and drop into ungreased cookie sheet in a 350° oven for about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from sheet and cool. Makes 3 dozen cookies.
title: Monster Cookies instructions: Mix ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Using an ice cream scoop, drop 6 large dough balls on a cookie sheet. Preheat oven and bake at 350° for 12 minutes. Recipe makes approximately 3 dozen "monster" cookies.
title: Zucchini Bread instructions: Mix together flour, sugar, cinnamon, salt, baking powder and soda. Add eggs and oil; mix well. Add zucchini and nuts; stir just enough to mix together. Pour into a greased and floured loaf pan (8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 3-inch). Bake about 1 to 1 1/2 hours. The top will split open and a tester comes out clean when done. If you prefer cupcakes, make about 2 dozen.
title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Candy instructions: Mix together and press in buttered pan. Melt 3 Hershey candy bars and pour over top. Chill several hours and serve.
title: Twinkie Cake instructions: Layer Twinkies in 9 x 13-inch dish or pan. Put large can pineapple with juice over Twinkies, then add bananas. Mix pudding mix as directed on package. Pour over bananas. Then put Cool Whip and cherries and nuts on top. Refrigerate for 24 hours before serving.
title: Frosty Lime Float instructions: Put pineapple juice and sugar in pitcher. Add 1/2 cup lime sherbet; stir mixture until smooth. Pour 1/2 cup juice into each of 4 glasses; add 1 scoop sherbet to each glass. Fill with lemon-lime beverages.
title: Chocolate Frosting instructions: In a small mixing bowl, cream the margarine. Add cocoa and powdered sugar alternately with milk. Beat to spreading consistency. Additional milk may be needed. Blend in vanilla.
title: Baked Beans instructions: Combine all ingredients and mix well. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or cook in crock-pot.
title: New Orleans Orange Chicken instructions: Cut up chicken as desired. Combine mayonnaise, ketchup and orange juice. Pour over chicken in a shallow baking dish. Bake at 350° for 1 hour (uncovered). Extra sauce may be used over rice.
title: Butter Brickle Cake instructions: Sift flour, sugar, powder and salt. Add remaining ingredients, except egg whites. Beat for 2 minutes, scraping bottom and sides frequently. Add the unbeaten egg whites; beat for 2 more minutes. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Spinach Dip Or Spread instructions: Drain water chestnuts. Mix all ingredients together. Great on crackers!
title: Waldorf Astoria Cake instructions: Beat together all ingredients. Mix vinegar and soda and add to cake last. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Chess Pie(For 1 Pie)   instructions: Mix all ingredients and place in unbaked pie shell. Bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes.
title: Dry Mix (Oriental Rice) instructions: Fry noodles in butter until golden. Mix all ingredients except 1 can onion rings. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Top with remaining can of onion rings.
title: Sugar Drop Cookies instructions: In a large bowl, cream until light and fluffy the margarine, oil, sugar and powdered sugar. Add eggs and vanilla. Mix well. By hand, add and mix the flour, soda and cream of tartar. Place in covered bowl and chill at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350°. Place 1-inch balls of dough on a cookie sheet. Flatten and sprinkle with sugar. Bake 10 to 12 minutes. This dough freezes well. Cookies are very rich, 50 calories each. (You may add chocolate or nuts to the dough or decorate with M&M's or chocolate stars.)
title: Texas Caviar instructions: Put all ingredients in a covered jar. Let stand in refrigerator 2 to 3 days. Serve small portions on small cup-like pieces of lettuce or large corn chips.
title: Brownies instructions: Bring to a boil: oleo, cocoa and water. Add sugar, flour and salt. Just beat until mixed smooth. Stir in sour cream, soda and eggs. Bake at 350° for 22 to 30 minutes. I use a 9 x 13-inch baking pan or a cookie sheet with sides can be used.
title: Grandma'S Potato Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients well. Add Eggs Last. Salt & Pepper to taste.
title: Pork Chops With Kraut instructions: Brown the pork chops quickly in heavy skillet. Arrange a layer of kraut in the bottom of a buttered casserole, then add 3 of the chops. Sprinkle with salt, pepper and garlic. Repeat again. Pour over all the beer. Cover and bake at 325° for 2 hours.
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Mix oats and water and set aside to cool. Cream Crisco and sugar well. Add eggs and mix well. Sift dry ingredients together and add to the creamed mixture. Add oatmeal and beat well. Bake in oblong pan at 350° for about 30 minutes.
title: Company Vegetable Casserole instructions: In a bowl, combine beans, corn, soup, sour cream, cheese and onion. Pour into an ungreased 2-quart baking dish. Combine crumbs and almonds and sprinkle over vegetables. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until bubbly.
title: Meringue instructions: Boil the sugar and water until thread stage. Beat egg whites until stiff. Pour boiling mixture into egg whites and continue beating. May brown in oven slightly.
title: Salmon Patties instructions: Combine all ingredients until thoroughly mixed; shape into patties. Melt butter in skillet. Add patties and brown on both sides for 5 minutes.
title: Frozen Peanut Pie(Kent'S Favorite Pie)   instructions: Whip cream cheese until soft and fluffy. Beat in sugar and peanut butter. Slowly add milk, blending thoroughly into mixture. Add whipped topping (made according to directions on package). Pour into baked pie shell. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts. Freeze until firm. Remove from freezer 1/2 hour before serving.
title: Sour Cream Coffee Cake instructions: Cream together oleo, salt, sugar, and eggs. Fold in sour cream and vanilla, then add dry ingredients. Spoon about half in a Bundt pan and sprinkle over this 1/2 cup nuts and brown sugar. Add rest of mixture and bake for 40 to 50 minutes at 350°.
title: Honey Wheat Bread instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 cups whole wheat flour and yeast. In a saucepan, heat milk, water, honey, butter and salt to 120° to 130°; add to flour mixture. Blend on low speed until moistened. Beat on medium for 3 minutes. Gradually stir in remaining whole wheat flour and enough of the remaining all-purpose flour to form a soft dough. Turn onto a floured board; knead until smooth and elastic, about 6 to 8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch dough down.
title: Easy Onion Soup instructions: Saute onion in butter. Add water, broths and seasoning. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 1 hour uncovered. Place a slice of cheese on the toasted bread. Put under broiler till cheese melts and then place on top of bowl of soup.
title: Taco Salad(Cold Appetizer)   instructions: Mix avocados with lemon juice to a spreading consistency. In a separate bowl, mix sour cream, mayonnaise and taco mix. Set aside. Spread all of the avocado mix on the bottom of a 13 x 9-inch pan or large plate. Spread 1 layer of refried beans on top of avocados. Spread 1 layer of sour cream mix. Spread the rest of the beans. Spread the rest of the sour cream mix. Now layer the rest of the ingredients. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Italian Beans (Fagioletti) instructions: Oil pan and add onion, garlic and beans. Dissolve the tomato paste in water and add seasonings, herbs and a dash of sugar. Pour over the beans and cook for 15 minutes.
title: Potato Salad instructions: In medium bowl, mix first 5 ingredients. In small bowl, combine remaining ingredients; mix well. Combine yogurt mixture with potato mixture and toss gently to coat. Cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 1 hour.
title: Mexican Lasagna instructions: Brown hamburger and onion. Drain. Mix soups, tomatoes and milk and add garlic salt and pepper. Layer Doritos in casserole dish. Sprinkle hamburger over Doritos. Pour soup mixture over hamburger. Top with grated cheese. Bake 30 minutes at 350°. Serve with tossed salad.
title: Dill Pickles instructions: Soak cucumbers in ice water 3 or 4 hours. Drain. Slice or cut into strips. Place in sterilized jars, along with onion and a generous amount of dill. Combine sugar, water, vinegar and salt and bring to a boil. Pour over pickles and seal. Store in 70° to 75° temperature until cucumbers look transparent, about 3 weeks. Makes 3 pints.
title: Lemon Congealed Salad instructions: Dissolve lemon jello in hot water. Add cream cheese and eagle brand milk. Then add mountain dew. Add cool whip & crushed pineapple. Add pecans to top. Refrigerate.
title: Bacon And Swiss Chicken instructions: In a large skillet, fry bacon crisp. Drain; crumble. Discard all but 3 tablespoons of drippings in pan.
title: Raisin Sauce(For Ham)   instructions: Mix sugar and cornstarch in a pan and add broth or water gradually, stirring constantly. Add remaining ingredients and cook, stirring occasionally, until raisins are plump and mixture is thick. Serve hot with ham. Makes 1 1/2 cups sauce.
title: French Dip Sandwiches instructions: Mix all together and pour over roast. Bake until roast is tender. Slice roast and serve on hard rolls. Save juice and serve with sandwiches.
title: Bean Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together.
title: Farmer'S Pork Chop Casserole instructions: Melt butter in a frying pan. Put salt and pepper on the meat. Brown chops and onions together. Grease casserole. Lay potato slices on bottom of casserole. Remove the browned chops from the pan; place on top of the potatoes. Add the soup and milk to the onions; stir until mixture is smooth. Pour over chops. Bake, covered, at 350° for 45 minutes. Uncover; bake another 30 minutes.
title: Uncooked Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Combine all ingredients except oats; boil for 1 minute. Add mixture to uncooked oats and drop onto wax paper.
title: Fudge instructions: Stir sugar, margarine and milk consistently until it comes to a full boil. Let boil 2 minutes, continue stirring. Remove from heat. Stir in marshmallows until smooth. Add chocolate chips and stir until smooth. Add vanilla and nuts. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch baking dish lined with foil and well buttered.
title: Pineapple Pecan Cheese Ball instructions: In mixing bowl, whip cream cheese until smooth. Gently stir in pineapple, green pepper, onion, seasonings and 1/2 cup nuts. Turn out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and shape into a ball. Refrigerate several hours or overnight.
title: Chicken In Foil instructions: Cut four 24 x 18-inch pieces of heavy-duty tinfoil. Place a chicken quarter in center of each; sprinkle with garlic salt and paprika. Top evenly with onion and next 4 ingredients. Spoon soup evenly over each portion. Seal bundles and place on a 15 x 10 x 1-inch jellyroll pan. Bake at 400° for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until done.
title: Easy Beef Stew instructions: Baking Temperature: 300°. Baking Time: 4 hours.
title: Chocolate Cherry Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Using solid shortening or margarine (not oil), grease and flour a 15 x 10-inch pan.
title: Quick Rolls instructions: Mix yeast with water; add salt, sugar, shortening and flour. Let rise. Make out into rolls and let rise again. Bake at 350° until brown.
title: Chicken Gumbo instructions: Boil chicken until done and debone. Cut-up onion and bell pepper. Dissolve Roux in chicken broth and add onions and bell pepper. Put debone chicken into mixture and cook until onions and bell pepper is done.
title: Strawberry-Yogurt Drink instructions: If frozen, thaw strawberries. In blender, combine buttermilk, yogurt, banana, ice cubes and strawberries. Cover and blend until smooth. Makes 4 servings at 93 calories each.
title: Vegetable Pizza instructions: Press crescent rolls onto a cookie sheet. Bake according to package directions. Cool.
title: Snowball Cookies instructions: Place sugar in bowl. In another bowl, combine next 3 ingredients. In saucepan, combine marshmallows and butter. Stir until smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in extracts. Pour over cereal mixture. Stir until well coated. Using greased hands, shape into 1 1/2-inch balls. Coat with sugar.
title: Johnny Appleseed Cakes instructions: Grate apples (peeling, too). Add remaining ingredients. Mix and fry in a small amount of oil.
title: Brunswick Stew instructions: Use either equal parts of each kind of meat or if more of anything, make it chicken. Simmer all meats in boiling, salted water to which you add 2 or 3 stalks celery and an onion for flavor. Cool. Save stock; toss out celery and onion. Chop meat finely or put through food chopper.
title: Civil War Cake Or Grandmama Pound Cake instructions: Beat egg yolks separately. Add butter and sugar. Add flour and nutmeg. Fold in beaten egg whites. Bake at 350° until a knife comes out clean.
title: Old-Fashioned Spice Cake instructions: Place all ingredients in bowl and blend on low speed. Then beat 3 minutes on high. Bake 55 to 60 minutes at 350°. Cool on rack for 10 minutes.
title: Hobo Pack instructions: Bake in oven in foil or on the grill. If potatoes are not precooked, it will take longer.
title: Caramel Oatmeal Chewies(Bars)   instructions: Grease 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Combine oats, brown sugar, soda and salt. Stir in margarine and mix well. Reserve 1 cup. Press remaining in pan. Bake 10 to 12 minutes until light brown. Cool 10 minutes. Top with nuts, chocolate pieces and caramel mixed with flour. Sprinkle with crumbs and bake 18 to 22 minutes until golden brown. Cool. Bake at 350°.
title: Tracy'S Overnight Salad instructions: Prepare pudding mix as directed on package, use whole eggs. Mix in lemon juice with pudding. Add whipped cream, fruit cocktail and marshmallows. Refrigerate overnight.
title: Celery Dip instructions: Mix together and chill.
title: Meat Eggrolls(Lumpia)   instructions: Mix all ingredients, except oil and catsup. Put small amount of filling inside each eggroll wrapper. Roll up filled wrapper, but before you get to the end, brush wrapper end with beaten egg so that wrapper will stick together. Deep fry until golden brown. Serve with catsup for dipping. Makes approximately 30 rolls.
title: Heavenly Rice instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients; add a few drops of red food coloring to make it a tint of pink. Place in a bowl with a lid or long dish and refrigerate. Delicious.
title: Creamy Pralines instructions: In very large saucepan, combine sugar, evaporated milk, boiling water and Karo syrup; bring to a boil. Add baking soda; bring to a boil again. Add pecan halves, continue to boil, stirring constantly until firm ball stage. Remove from heat, and beat until thickens and loses shiny gloss. Drop by spoonfuls onto wax paper. Add a teaspoon of hot water if it becomes too hard. May be frozen or kept in an airtight container. A teaspoon of vanilla may be added at the end of cooking, if desired.
title: Peach Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Prepare sweet pastry by sifting dry ingredients (flour, baking powder, salt and sugar) together. Cut in shortening. Add beaten egg yolk, then ice water. Roll out 1/8 inch thick. Place in a large, 10-inch, deep pie pan.
title: Easy Potato-Sausage Casserole instructions: In skillet crumble and brown sausage and onion; drain. In a mixing bowl blend together milk, mushroom soup and pepper. In 9 x 9-inch casserole dish layer one half of potatoes, one half of soup mixture, one half of grated cheese and one half of sausage. Repeat; cover with foil. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours. Uncover; sprinkle a little more cheese over top. Return to oven until cheese is melted.
title: Sirloin Steak Salad instructions: Broil sirloin steak and cut into bite size pieces. Crush Ramen noodles by hand while in package. Open carefully and slide out flavor packet (to be used in dressing). Mix all the ingredients, except noodles, almonds and dressing.
title: Cream Cheese Ball instructions: Chop 1 package of dried beef and mix in with cream cheese mixture (add other ingredients). Use remaining package of dried beef to cover cheese ball.
title: Lemon Glazed Carrots instructions: Wash carrots; pare. Place in large saucepan with salt and enough boiling water to cover. Simmer, covered, for 15 minutes, or until tender. Drain. Melt butter in large skillet. Stir in sugar. Add lemon slices and carrots; cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until carrots are glazed. Makes 6 servings.
title: Chicken Broccoli Orientale instructions: In skillet in hot oil, cook chicken, 1/2 at a time, until browned. Add onion and pepper. Cook until tender-crisp. Stir in soup, water and soy sauce. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat to low. Cover. Simmer 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Serve chicken over rice. Makes 4 servings. Preparation time: 10 minutes; cooking time: 20 minutes.
title: Mushroom Meatballs instructions: Measure out 1/4 cup soup. Combine this with next 6 ingredients. Shape into meatballs. Brown in nonstick frypan. Blend rest of soup with water. Pour over meatballs. Cook over low heat 10 minutes. Stir. Serve with noodles or rice.
title: Potato Chip Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add flour, chips and vanilla. Stir until well mixed. Add nuts. Drop by half teaspoonfuls onto greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes. Makes 5 dozen. Dust with powdered sugar.
title: Coconut Cream Cake(Makes 12 Servings)   instructions: Prepare cake mix with eggs, water and oil, adding orange rind following label directions. Divide batter into two greased and floured round 9 x 1 1/2-inch cake pans. Bake in a moderate oven (350°) for 30 minutes or until centers spring back when lightly touched with fingertips. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes; turn out onto racks. Cool completely. Split each layer in half to make 4 thin layers. Beat cream with 10x sugar in a small bowl until stiff. Put layers together with Coconut Cream Filling. Frost side and top with whipped cream. Sprinkle generously with flaked coconut.
title: Mississippi Corn Salad instructions: Slice green onions and their tops. Stir together with corn, tomato, mayonnaise, yogurt, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 4 to 24 hours. Makes 8 to 10 servings.
title: Cauliflower With Mustard Sauce instructions: Steam whole head of cauliflower. Do not break head apart. After cauliflower is steamed, leave in pot. Mix mayonnaise and mustard together and cover top of cauliflower. Sprinkle sharp cheese on top of mustard sauce. Cover and let cheese melt, then serve.
title: Banana Split Brownie Pizza instructions: *Hot fudge may be substituted for the semi-sweet chocolate.
title: Chess Pie instructions: Cream the butter and sugar and add the egg yolks one at a time. Beat thoroughly after each addition. Blend in the grated lemon and orange rinds, salt, and lemon juice. Bake in a 9 inch pastry shell or 6 individual tart shells in a 350° oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Serves six. Do not use light butter/oleo, it doesn't work.
title: Texas Hash instructions: Heat oil in skillet. Saute peppers and onions until tender. Add beef and cook until pink is gone, stirring to crumble meat. Add tomatoes, rice and seasonings. Arrange in greased baking dish. Top with bread crumbs. Bake until brown at 350°.
title: Apple Fritters instructions: Heat milk until more than lukewarm. Add slowly to beaten egg yolks and sugar. Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Stir flour mixture into egg and milk. Slowly add beaten egg whites. Stir together, then add slices of apples. Drop into hot grease by large spoonfuls, and fry until light and brown. Serve with maple syrup.
title: Reva'S Manicotti instructions: Add 1 c. water to large jar of Ragu. Place small amount in 9 x 13 pan. Fill uncooked noodles and place in pan. Cover with remaining sauce. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for about 1 hr. If using glass pan, cook longer.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream together the wet ingredients. Add dry ingredients. Mix. Turn into greased pan and let stand 20 minutes. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Quickie Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli for 5 minutes; set aside to drain. Combine mayonnaise, soup and cheese, stirring in broccoli. Pour mixture into a 2-quart buttered (or Pam) casserole dish. Top with crushed Ritz crackers. Top crackers lightly with either melted or squeeze butter. Cook for 30 to 45 minutes until crackers are browned good.
title: Red Lentil Soup With Garlic Croutons instructions: Fry chopped onion in hot oil until translucent. Lower heat, add chopped garlic and continue frying while stirring until garlic just starts to change color.
title: Ambrosia instructions: Drain mandarin oranges and pineapple chunks. Combine sour cream, oranges, pineapple, mini marshmallows and coconut in large bowl. Chill for at least 1 hour before serving.
title: Spinach Fettucine instructions: Clean spinach, removing stems. Cook garlic, onion and 1/2 stick butter until golden. Add spinach. Cover until wilted. Cook fettucine. Drain. Mix with 1/2 stick butter, cream and cheese. Add spinach mixture.
title: Graham Cracker Nut Torte instructions: Beat egg yolks until lemon colored. Add sugar gradually and beat well, about 10 minutes. Add vanilla. Add crumbs and baking powder. Blend in nuts. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Bake in 2 (9-inch) round cake pans, greased and floured, for 25 to 30 minutes at 375°.
title: Mexican Bean Dip instructions: In pan, layer refried beans, then guacamole. Next, mix sour cream, salad dressing and taco seasoning together. Spread on guacamole. Layer the green onions, tomatoes, olives and cheese. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Crepes With Ricotta And Spinach instructions: Mix together the crumbled Ricotta, spinach and Parmesan. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Fill crepes with the mixture; roll up and place in a buttered ovenproof pan. Cook at 375° for 10 minutes. Heat tomato sauce with basil (option 1 tablespoon of sugar). After baking crepes, spoon tomato, basil sauce over crepes. Elegant, inexpensive and delicious meal.
title: Irvin'S Salad instructions: Mix crushed pineapple (including juice), jello, sugar in saucepan; let cook for 1 minute or until hot. Pour mixture into large bowl and cool completely. Add cottage cheese, cool whip and pecans. Refrigerate over night.
title: Grits And Sausage Casserole instructions: Cook grits - set aside. Brown sausage, onion, and bell pepper. Drain well. Combine grits with meat mixture and 1 cup cheese. Spoon into a greased casserole. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Top with remaining cheese. Bake 5 minutes longer.
title: Just Right Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: With mixer, beat shortenings together until fluffy. Add sugars; beat until blended. Blend in eggs and vanilla. Mix in flour, soda, salt and pudding mix. Stir well. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto cookie sheets. Bake at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes. Yield: 4 dozen.
title: Salted Peanut Cookies instructions: Mix butter, sugar, eggs and vanilla thoroughly. Blend rest of ingredients. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls, about 2 inches apart, on lightly greased sheet. Flatten with bottom of glass dipped in sugar. Bake 8 to 10 minutes at 375°.
title: Sourdough Biscuits(Potato Starter)   instructions: Place flour in bowl. Make a well in the center; add sourdough starter. Stir in salt, soda and sugar;	add shortening. Gradually mix in enough flour to make a stiff dough. Pinch off dough for 1 biscuit at a time. Form a ball; roll it in melted shortening. Crowd the biscuits into a round 8-inch cake pan; allow to rise in a warm place for 30 minutes before baking. Bake at 425° until golden brown.
title: Lentil Loaf instructions: You may use a little cottage cheese and cereal in place of bread crumbs. Add a little more lentils. Add enough crumbs so it is not soupy.
title: Dieter'S Delight instructions: Boil chicken breasts about 30 minutes. Add mushrooms, onion and celery. Chop cabbage. Simmer for 40 minutes. Serve.
title: Carrot Casserole instructions: Slice and cook carrots; drain. Place in baking dish. Melt cheese and margarine; pour over cooked carrots. Top with crushed crackers. Bake for 20 minutes in hot oven at 400°.
title: Green Beans With Meat Served Over Rice instructions: Clean and cut beans in about 2-inch lengths and set aside. Cut meat into 1-inch cubes and saute for 10 minutes. Add onions, garlic and seasonings; saute for 5 minutes more. Add water to cover meat and simmer until tender. (If water evaporates before meat is almost done; add more water.)
title: Keebler Cherry Burst Pie instructions: Combine milk, lemon juice and vanilla. Mix until well blended. Fold in remaining ingredients, one at a time. Mound mixture into crust. Freeze until firm, 2 to 3 hours. Let stand at room temperature 15 minutes before serving.
title: Chinese Vegetable Casserolewestboro, Missouri   instructions: Cook vegetables as directed (not quite as done) and drain.
title: Icebox Fruitcake instructions: Crush wafers finely and blend all ingredients together. Freeze until firm and keep refrigerated. (Use a loaf pan.)
title: Chocolate Syrup instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bring to a boil and boil for 5 minutes. Stir good after it has stopped boiling and pour over ice cream.
title: Frozen Date Salad instructions: Soften and blend cream cheese and pineapple. Add Cool Whip, then other ingredients. Freeze.
title: Fruit Juice Punch instructions: Mix equal parts of 3 juices. Chill to allow flavors to blend. Add ginger ale just before serving. To make 25 (5 ounce) servings, use 46 ounce size pineapple juice and measure other juices with the can. Use 1 liter (33 ounce) bottle of diet ginger ale.
title: Pizza Salad instructions: Dice tomatoes and onion; cube cheese. Mix tomatoes, onion and cheese with cooled, cooked macaroni. Add all other ingredients except Parmesan cheese and croutons. Refrigerate 2 or more hours. When ready to serve, add croutons and Parmesan cheese.
title: Shrimp Ball instructions: Mix cream cheese, shrimp, olives, Accent and seasoned salt together well and roll into a ball. Then roll in chopped nuts, chill and serve with crackers.
title: Sloppy Joes instructions: Saute onion until tender. Brown ground beef. Add other ingredients. Cook several hours. Serve over hamburg rolls.
title: Classic Macaroni Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients except macaroni. Mix well. Fold in macaroni; cover and chill. Makes 5 cups.
title: No-Bake Fruitcake instructions: In 3-quart saucepan over medium heat, stir milk, marshmallows and orange juice until marshmallows melt. Take off heat.
title: Swank Porterhouse instructions: Cut pocket in one side of meat. In skillet, cook onion and garlic in 1 tablespoon of	butter. Season with salt and pepper. Stuff pockets with onion mixture; skewer closed. Combine wine and soy sauce; brush on steak. Broil over coals until done. Cook mushrooms in remaining 2 tablespoons butter until tender; pour over steak.
title: Red Raspberry Ring instructions: Drain raspberries, reserving syrup. Dissolve jello in boiling water. Add ice cream by spoonfuls, stirring until melted. Stir in lemonade and reserved syrup. Chill until partially set. Add raspberries and nuts. Turn into a 6 cup ring mold or a flat Pyrex dish. Chill until firm. Makes 8 to 10 servings.
title: Sandies instructions: Beat butter for 30 seconds; add granulated sugar and beat until fluffy. Add vanilla and 2 teaspoons water, beat well. Stir in flour and pecans. Shape into 1-inch balls or 1 1/2 x 1/2-inch fingers. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake in 325° oven for 20 minutes. Cool completely. Gently shake a few cookies at a time in a bag with powdered sugar. Yields 36.
title: Coconut Cream Pie instructions: Stir together sugar, cornstarch and salt in saucepan. Blend milk and egg yolks. Gradually stir into sugar mixture. Thicken and boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat, blend in butter and vanilla. Immediately pour into baked pie shell. Top with meringue.
title: Shepherd'S Pie instructions: Brown hamburger and onion; drain off fat. Add mushrooms, tomato, tomato paste, parsley, Worcestershire sauce, gravy and peas or corn. Cook for	5 minutes and turn into casserole. Spread the mashed potatoes over the top. Bake for 40 minutes or until top is lightly browned.
title: Squash Dressing instructions: Combine squash, onion and water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes or until tender. Drain well; mash. Combine squash mixture with remaining ingredients, stirring well. Spoon into a greased 1 1/2-quart casserole dish. Bake at 350° for about 25 minutes or until browned.
title: Beef And Macaroni Skillet Dinner instructions: Brown ground beef in large skillet. Add remaining ingredients; stir. Bring to boil. Reduce to simmer. Cover. Cook until macaroni is tender, about 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Shellfish Pie instructions: In large skillet over high flame, bring 1 cup water to boil. Add scallops and shrimp and cook 3 to 5 minutes, just until scallops look opaque and shrimp turn pink. Remove from heat; reserve 1 cup cooking liquid.
title: Mississippi Mud Cake instructions: Cake: Beat butter or margarine until creamy in a large bowl with electric mixer at medium-high speed. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add coconut, sugar, flour, cocoa, vanilla and walnuts. Don't beat (heavy batter). Spread batter in greased (9 x 13 x 2-inch) pan. Bake in preheated 350° oven for 45 minutes. As soon as cake is taken from oven, spread Marshmallow Creme over hot cake. Cool for 20 minutes.
title: Bread And Butter Pickles instructions: Do not peel cucumbers; slice thin. Slice onions and bell peppers. Mix together. Add garlic and salt. Cover with ice. Mix thoroughly. Let stand 3 hours. Drain well and combine remaining ingredients. Pour over cucumber mixture. Heat just to a boil. Seal in hot sterilized jars. Makes 6 pints.
title: Wilted Watercress And Tomatoes instructions: Coat a nonstick skillet with cooking spray; add oil. Place over medium high heat until hot. Add watercress and arugula. Saute until wilted. Add tomatoes; cook until thoroughly heated. Sprinkle with lemon juice. Yields 4 servings (46 calories and 37% fat per serving).
title: Black Walnut Icebox Cookies instructions: Cream shortening, brown sugar and eggs; add cake flour and blend smoothly. Roll in waxed paper in desired size. Place in icebox overnight. Slice as required. Bake 15 minutes at 350°.
title: Lemon Bread instructions: Mix all together. Grease pans. Bake at 350°. Makes 5 small or 2 1/2 large. Cook 40 minutes for large or 35 minutes for small.
title: Hot Chicken Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients except potato chips, cheese and almonds. Place in large greased rectangular baking dish.
title: Microwave Brownies instructions: Melt butter or margarine in bowl on HIGH for 1 minute or until melted. Add sugar. Cool. Add eggs and vanilla. Put flour, dry cocoa, instant drink mix and baking powder together and blend into sugar mixture. Stir in nuts to suit your taste (1/2 cup or more). Pour in a 9-inch glass pie plate. Cook on HIGH for 4 1/2 - 5 1/2 minutes, turning if needed. Cool before cutting. Makes 1 dozen.
title: Rice Pudding instructions: Cook rice in microwave according to box directions. Add rest of ingredients; sprinkle top with cinnamon and bake at 300° to 350° for 1 hour.
title: Summer Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients and chill at least 1 hour before serving.
title: Easy Taco Dip instructions: Spread cream cheese in 9-inch pie plate. Spread chili over cream cheese and sprinkle with Cheddar cheese. Microwave for 5 minutes. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Oven Fry Orange Roughy instructions: Put bread crumbs in pan and toast at 375° for 8 minutes. Stir occasionally. Put flour on a piece of wax paper, mixed with salt and pepper. Beat egg white and place in shallow bowl. Pat dry orange roughy and coat with flour, then egg white and then toasted bread crumbs. Place fish on baking pan lined with foil and coat it with some vegetable oil. Bake at 375° for 8 minutes. Turn over and bake another 6 minutes.
title: Tuna-Noodle Casserole instructions: Cook noodles according to package directions; drain. In a saucepan, cook celery and onion in margarine or butter until tender. Stir in soup and milk. Gently stir in tuna (and vegetables, if desired) and the cooked noodles. Transfer to a 1 1/2-quart casserole. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Bake at 375° for 25 to 30 minutes or until heated through.
title: California Potato Casserole instructions: Combine all ingredients and top with crushed topping. Bake in a 350° oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Put in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Good.
title: Strawberries And Cream instructions: Alcohol may be omitted for wonderful strawberry shakes.
title: Pizza Sauce instructions: Saute onion in olive oil until transparent. Add garlic and saute for 1 minute. Stir in remaining ingredients. Simmer at a very low heat, uncovered, for about 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Remove bay leaf. Makes about 1 cup.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes in a greased loaf pan.
title: Chili Burgers instructions: Brown meat, onions, peppers, salt, sugar and vinegar. Add other ingredients and simmer 1 1/2 hours. Serve on toasted buns.
title: Peppercorn Chicken Breasts instructions: Place chicken between sheets of plastic wrap and pound with mallet. Sprinkle with peppercorns. Heat heavy nonstick skillet and add butter and chicken. Cook, turning once, until done or about 5 minutes. Remove chicken and keep warm. Increase heat to high and add sherry or orange juice. Whisk in the cream and tarragon. Boil, stirring until sauce is glossy, thickened and reduced to about half the amount. Spoon sauce over chicken.
title: Oatmeal Bread instructions: Mix yeast in warm water. Set aside. To the boiling water, add oatmeal, shortening, brown sugar, molasses and salt and mix. Add cold water. When mixture is cooled to lukewarm, add yeast mixture. Mix in flour. Knead on floured board. Set to rise in warm place until double in bulk (1 hour). Punch down; shape into loaves and let rise again. Bake at 350° for about 50 to 60 minutes.
title: Funnel Cakes instructions: Beat eggs well and add milk. Sift salt and baking powder into a little flour. Add to the egg and milk mixture. Continue adding flour until you have a thin batter. Heat oil in 1/2 - 1 inch pan. Put butter into funnel and then into oil. Start in the center of the skillet and going around and round making the size and shape of your choice. Serve with powdered sugar or syrup.
title: Caramel Corn instructions: Combine caramels and milk in top of a double boiler. Heat over boiling water until smooth and creamy. Stir occasionally; remove from heat. Drizzle over popcorn.
title: Apricot Nut Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease loaf pan (9 x 5 x 3-inch). Mix the first 4 ingredients; beat hard for 30 seconds. Stir in apricots and nuts. Pour into pan; bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until cake tester stuck in middle comes out clean. A crack in top is typical. Cool before slicing.
title: 2 Baked Pie Shells(Fruit Pie)   instructions: Boil the first 3 ingredients 5 minutes or until thick. Stir in the Jell-O and boil 1 minute. For strawberry pie, use the 4 cups uncooked strawberries and stir into the mixture. Pour into shells and chill. Use Cool Whip for topping.
title: Coca-Cola Cake instructions: Bring first 4 ingredients to a boil. Remove from heat, add marshmallows and stir until melted. Mix ingredients (flour through milk). Add cocoa mixture. Pour in 9 x 13-inch greased pan. Bake 45 minutes at 325°.
title: El-Granda instructions: Brown meat, then drain. Pour cheese soup, milk, chili seasoning and tomatoes and the juice into meat. Simmer while the yellow rice is cooking. Cook the rice as directed on the bag. When the rice has cooked, add to the meat mixture.
title: Kiss Cakes instructions: Beat egg whites very stiff; add sugar a little at a time. This is important. Sprinkle in cornstarch and salt; add flavorings and pecans a few at a time. Drop mixture by tablespoon onto a cookie sheet lined with brown paper. Bake at 300° for 45 minutes. They are done when you can lift them from the paper.
title: Pickles instructions: First Day: Pour boiling water with salt over cucumbers; let stand 24 hours.
title: Sunshine Chocolate Cake instructions: Mix all together. Makes a large cake. Bake at 350° until done.
title: Red Lobster Cheese-Garlic Biscuits instructions: Combine butter or margarine and garlic powder. Brush over warm biscuits before removing from cookie sheet. Serve warm. Makes 10 to 12 biscuits.
title: Cherry Fluff instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Chill until firm.
title: Cream Puffs instructions: Add shortening to boiling water and bring to a boil. Remove from heat. Add flour and salt all at once and stir vigorously until ball forms in center of pan. Cool slightly. Add unbeaten eggs, one at a time, beating thoroughly after each egg. Mixture should be very stiff. Shape on greased cookie sheet by dropping from spoon or pastry bag. Bake. Cook medium size (3-inch) for 10 minutes at 450° and 20 minutes at 350°. Cool. Cut slice off top. Fill with cream, ice cream or pudding. Yield: 18 medium-size.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients together and pour into pie shell. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Savory Pot Roast instructions: In a 6-quart Dutch oven, in hot oil, brown roast. Spoon off fat. Add mushroom soup, onion soup mix and 1 cup water. Cover; cook over low heat for 2 hours. Add vegetables. Cover and cook 45 minutes or until roast and vegetables are fork-tender, stirring occasionally. Remove roast and vegetables. Stir together flour and remaining 1/4 cup water until smooth. Gradually stir into soup mixture. Cook until mixture boils and thickens, stirring constantly.
title: Hot Tomato Sauce instructions: Mix together and cook until thick. Put in hot pint jars and seal. Hot bath for 10 minutes.
title: Pasta Salad instructions: Cook pasta, drain, add other ingredients, mix together and chill.
title: Peanut Butter Brownies instructions: Mix by hand. Pat into a 9 x 12-inch pan and 1 smaller pan, 8 x 8-inch. Bake at 275° for 25 minutes.
title: Vicki'S Coffee Cake instructions: Cream the margarine, cream cheese and sugar. Add eggs and vanilla; beat well. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add alternately with milk, mixing well after each addition. Pour into a greased and floured 13 x 9-inch pan. Sprinkle with crumb topping. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Bubblin' Party Punch instructions: In bowl, dissolve gelatin and sugar in water; set aside. In large bowl, combine pineapple juice, lemon juice and gelatin mixture. Chill. Just before serving, pour juice mixture into punch bowl; add sherbet and club soda. Makes 3 1/2 quarts.
title: Posh Squash instructions: Beat eggs and add mayonnaise. Add other ingredients and mix. Place in greased casserole and bake at 350° until bubbly. Can be frozen and cooked in frozen state at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Tomato Soup Cake(Spice Cake)   instructions: Blend Crisco and sugar. Combine soup with water and soda and add to the Crisco mixture alternating with sifted dry ingredients. Stir in raisins and nuts. Bake at 350° for about 1 hour. Cool and Frost
title: Borscht instructions: Fill big pot with hot water. Put in chicken and dry beans. Pour in beet juice from can. Cut beets into narrow strips and add to water before it boils. Bring to boil and cook 1 hour.
title: Puppy Chow instructions: Melt butter, chocolate chips and peanut butter together in a saucepan. Pour hot mixture over cereal. Stir well to coat cereal. Put 2 cups or more powdered sugar in grocery bag. Pour in cereal mixture and shake. May need hand to coat pieces well. Pour onto waxed paper. Break apart pieces. Store in sealed container.
title: Rainbow Twirls Alfredo instructions: Cook pasta according to directions; drain. Meanwhile, in small saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Gradually stir in cheese, then cream until well blended. Continue heating sauce, stirring constantly, just to boiling point. Remove from heat. Stir in parsley and toss with hot, cooked pasta. Serve. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Apple Honey Cake instructions: Mix flour, cinnamon, soda and salt together and add slightly beaten eggs. Add oil, honey and sugar. Cream and add to flour mixture. Fold in chopped nuts, fresh apples and vanilla. Bake at 350° for 1 hour and 15 minutes.
title: Cinnamon Caramel Rolls instructions: Thaw bread slightly. Cut in half and then in half again (lengthwise). Cut into cubes and roll in sugar and cinnamon. Put in well-greased 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Mexican Spaghetti instructions: Brown meat, onion and green pepper in skillet. Drain. Add remaining ingredients except cheese. Simmer for 10 minutes. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch buttered casserole dish. Bake for 20 minutes at 400°. Top with cheese and return to oven until melted.
title: Buttermilk Brownies instructions: Combine flour, sugar, baking soda and salt, set aside. Bring butter, cocoa and water to a boil. Add dry ingredients. Add eggs, buttermilk, vanilla and nuts. Mix well; pour into well-greased 11 x 16-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. (Do not over-bake.)
title: No Fail Biscuits instructions: Mix together flour and soda. Add with fork until the consistency of corn meal the Crisco. Mix in the buttermilk. Roll or pat out dough. Cut out biscuits and bake at 450° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Willie Mae'S Cabbage With Tomato And Bacon instructions: Boil the cabbage until tender. Drain, chop and add salt and pepper. Simmer the mixture in tomato juice for about 20 minutes. Fry bacon over medium-high heat until crisp. Crumble the bacon over the cabbage and sprinkle with the chopped parsley just before setting it on the table.
title: Spanish Rice instructions: Heat 2	tablespoons butter or margarine in skillet. Saute 1 chopped onion, 1/4 cup green pepper and 1/4 cup celery for 5 minutes. Add 2 1/2 cups cooked rice, 2 cups tomatoes, 1/2 teaspoon salt and	F.G. pepper. Bring to the boiling point. Simmer gently for 5 minutes. Add 1/3 cup grated sharp cheese and serve. Makes 4 servings.
title: "Buckeyes" instructions: Melt oleo and peanut butter (slow). Add sugar. Shape into balls. Melt chips and paraffin in double boiler. Dip balls into chocolate mixture. Put on wax paper.
title: Ice Cream instructions: Beat together and let freeze until soft. Beat again. Eat or freeze.
title: Fanny Farmer Fudge instructions: Mix sugar and milk in a large saucepan and bring mixture to boil; cook 8 minutes, stirring constantly. Use a wooden spoon to stir. Remove from heat and add butter, vanilla and chocolate chips. Stir until thick and let cool, about 15 minutes. Add walnuts and pecans, if desired. Pour into buttered 10 x 14-inch pan.
title: Strawberry Salad instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in hot water. Add all ingredients, except sour cream. Let chill until lumpy. Put 1/2 mixture into a square Pyrex dish. Spread on sour cream, then put rest of the mixture on top. Let set in refrigerator until ready to serve.
title: Taffy instructions: Butter a large baking sheet. In a black iron pot (about 2 quart size), combine the sugar, vinegar, corn syrup, cream of tartar and butter. Bring to a boil and cook until it reaches 250 degrees on a candy thermometer. Remove from heat and quickly stir in the vanilla extract. Immediately pour into baking pan. Allow to cool slightly until the edges become firm enough to pull toward the center of the pan. Continue pulling edges toward the center until mixture is firm enough to handle. This mixture will be very hot, so be careful when handling it. Don't butter your hands because this makes it difficult to pull the taffy. The taffy, when ready to be pulled, should not stick to your hands. If it does, you can rub a little cornstarch onto the palms of your hands.
title: Snickerdoodles instructions: This dough will be stiff. Roll in walnut size balls. Roll in 1/2 cup of sugar and 1 teaspoon of cinnamon. Grease a cookie sheet. Place on cookie sheet and bake at 350° for 10 minutes.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Boil and mash potatoes. Mix in sugar, butter, eggs, vanilla and milk. Place in 13 x 9-inch baking dish.
title: Monster Cookies instructions: Cream the first 3 ingredients, then gradually beat in eggs. Add Karo syrup and vanilla, mixing well. Add peanut butter, mixing well with beater. In separate bowl, blend oats and baking soda together. (Put oats in bowl first, baking soda will stick to bottom of bowl.) Add this mixture gradually to peanut butter mixture, mixing well (with spoon, not beater). Add chocolate chips and M&M's, blending them throughout dough. Drop by heaping spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Press several M&M's onto tops of each cookie. Bake 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on cookie sheet 5 to 10 minutes. Move to paper towels on table or counter.
title: The Best Bran Muffins(For The Microwave)   instructions: Mix well and add to starter, stirring well. Let stand out of the refrigerator all day, 8 to 12 hours. This does not rise; only bubbles. Take out one cup to use in making bread and return remainder starter to refrigerator for 3 to 5 days and feed again. If not making bread after feeding, throw 1 cup away or give to a friend. Store starter in a Cool Whip container with slits in the lid or use a glass jar with lid not screwed down.
title: Lemon Herb Marinated Chicken instructions: In a cup, mix the first 5 ingredients; pour over chicken. Cover; let stand at room temperature no longer than 30 minutes, turning once. Broil 10 minutes, or until thoroughly cooked, turning once. Makes 4 servings.
title: Baked Fish instructions: Clean and dry fish. Mix eggs and A.1. sauce. Marinate fish in sauce 10 minutes. Crush crackers fine and coat fish. Place fish fillets on oiled heavy foil. Bake 8 minutes at 400°. Turn on broiler and broil fish 8 to 10 minutes until lightly browned and fish are done.
title: Cathy'S Broccoli Salad instructions: Wash broccoli and cauliflower. Break into small pieces. Chop onion. Add cheese. Mix mayonnaise, sugar and vinegar in small bowl until creamy. Pour over salad ingredients. Stir until coated. Chill for 30 minutes.
title: Buffalo Wing Spaghetti instructions: Place all ingredients into saucepan, except spaghetti. Heat and simmer about 10 minutes. Stir thoroughly. Boil spaghetti and drain. Serve on top of spaghetti.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Boil potatoes in well salted water; cool. Peel and cube potatoes. Place in large bowl with next 4 ingredients. Mix together remaining ingredients until smooth. Pour over potato mixture and toss to coat well. Cover and chill.
title: Lemon Cheesecake instructions: Save 1 cup of graham crackers, crushed, for topping.
title: Pineapple Sweet Potatoes instructions: Drain potatoes and pineapple;	save pineapple juice. Mash potatoes; add salt and beaten egg. Create potato balls with pineapple in center. Roll	balls in crushed cornflakes. Place in a greased baking dish; add sauce and bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Chocolate Mousse Pie instructions: Melt bar of chocolate with 3 tablespoons of water over low heat. Stir constantly until chocolate is melted. Add instant coffee and let cool. Add vanilla. Whip 1 1/2 cups heavy cream to medium consistency. Fold chocolate mixture into cream. Pour into pie shell and chill. Garnish with bitter chocolate shavings.
title: Bacon And Peanut Butter Sandwich Filling instructions: Cut bacon fine and fry until crisp and brown. Drain on paper towel. Have peanut butter stand in hot water about 15 minutes so it can be removed easily to a bowl. Mix it with the bacon and return to jar. There may be some left over, so put it in a small covered container. Makes one jar plus.
title: Slavic Oven Stew instructions: Trim fat and bone from pork chops. Layer first 7 ingredients in large baking dish in order given in recipe. Arrange pork chops on top. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and pour 1 small can tomato sauce over chops. Bake in 450° oven 1 hour (covered), then in 375° oven 1/2 hour (uncovered). Serves 6 to 8.
title: Brownies instructions: Beat sugar, eggs and oil. Add dry ingredients and mix. Add vanilla and nuts.	Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes in a 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Potluck Lasagne instructions: Brown ground beef in oil; add onion and green pepper. Saute 5 to 10 minutes; drain.
title: Orange Cream Fruit Salad instructions: In large bowl, combine fruits; set aside. In small bowl, combine dry pudding mix, milk and orange juice concentrate. Beat with rotary beater until blended, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in sour cream. Fold into fruit mixture. Cover and chill.
title: Peanut Butter Tandy Candy instructions: Scald milk and oleo. Set aside. Mix baking powder, salt, sugar and flour. Add eggs and vanilla. Beat together and put in a 15 x 10-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 35 minutes. Take out of oven and spread peanut butter on top. While cake is hot, refrigerate for 1 hour. Melt Hershey bar and spread on top. Let chocolate harden and cut in squares.
title: Pinto Bean Pie instructions: Mash pinto beans. Add eggs (beaten). Add other ingredients. Beat well. Pour into pie shells. Bake 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Pasta Fagiol instructions: Brown garlic and onion in oil. Add other ingredients, except pasta and beans. Simmer for about 1/2 hour. Add the pasta and beans and cook until the pasta is tender (keep stirring). Let set for about 15 minutes. You may substitute peas, broccoli or cauliflower instead of beans.
title: Protein-Plus Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 350°.	In mixing bowl, stir the soy flour, nonfat dry milk powder, baking powder and salt together thoroughly. Stir in the	chopped dates and chopped walnuts. Combine the eggs, grated orange peel, orange juice, honey and cooking oil. Stir the egg mixture into the dry ingredients just until moistened. Fill greased muffin cups 2/3 full. Bake at 350° until done, about 30 minutes.	Makes 12 muffins.
title: Baked Chicken Bundles instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Prepare Rice-A-Roni according to package. Pound chicken breast halves into 1/4-inch thickness. Put equal amounts of Rice-A-Roni on each breast half. Roll chicken up to enclose filling. Secure with a wooden pick. Dip chicken into milk; roll in bread crumbs. Put in a 13 x 9-inch baking dish.
title: Best Banana Bread Ever instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Liberally grease loaf pan. Combine all ingredients until mixed thoroughly, but do not overmix. Pour into pan. Bake 1 hour and 15 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Enjoy!
title: Chicky Licky instructions: Layer each ingredient. Stuffing on bottom and top. Bake 35 minutes at 350°.
title: Martha Washington Candy instructions: Mix butter, milk, powdered sugar, coconut and pecans together and roll into a ball about the size of a walnut. Chill overnight. In double boiler, melt the chocolate chips and the paraffin. Then dip each ball into the chocolate mixture with a toothpick and place on wax paper to dry. Makes about 60 to 80 balls.
title: Orange Sherbet Surprise instructions: Place in ice cream freezer and freeze.
title: Peanut Butter Patties(Cookies)   instructions: Cream shortening and sugar; add peanut butter and mix good. Add eggs and vanilla and stir in flour and soda. Roll into balls the size of a walnut; press flat on top with a fork or potato masher. Bake 10 to 12 minutes at 400°.
title: Whole Wheat Light Rolls instructions: Combine milk, sugar, salt and shortening. Cool to lukewarm, then add eggs. Add 1 cup of each of the flours and mix well. Soften yeast in warm water and add to first mixture. Stir in remaining flour and put in greased bowl in refrigerator. Cover with greased wax paper. Two hours before baking remove from refrigerator and knead lightly. Shape into rolls and let raise. Bake at 425° about 10 minutes or until brown.
title: Summer Vegetable Bake instructions: Cut squash and onion into chunks about 1 x 1/2-inch. Place all in a gallon bag. Add 2 tablespoons of oil. Shake to dampen veggies with oil. Add onion soup mix. Shake to cover veggies. Pour into 9 x 13-inch dish that has been sprayed with Pam. Cook uncovered for 20 minutes at 450°. Stir once.
title: Shrimp Etouffee instructions: Melt butter. Add veggies. Turn on low heat. Throw in shrimp; cover with tight lid. Cook for 45 minutes. Do not add water to this recipe. Never freeze it. Serve over cooked rice.
title: Sugared Peanuts instructions: Bring to a boil and continue boiling and stirring until all water is gone. Spread on cookie sheet. Bake in 200° oven until peanuts are crisp inside, not soggy.
title: Mamma'S Sugar Cookies instructions: Combine oil, butter, sugars, eggs and vanilla; mix well. Add baking soda, salt, cream of tartar and flour to mixture. Mix well. Refrigerate over night. Roll into 1 inch balls and place on ungreased cookie sheet. Press with glass dipped into sugar. Bake 350 degrees for 8-10 minutes. Edges should be light golden brown. Do not over cook.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Beat shortening until creamy. Add sugar and eggs. Gradually add flour mixture along with bananas. Mix well. Pour into greased loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Vanilla Rice Pudding instructions: Gradually stir milk and egg into dry pudding mix in saucepan, add rice and raisins. Stir over medium heat until mixture comes to boil. Remove from heat, cover for 5 minutes, then cool for 5 minutes, stirring twice. Pour into dessert dishes or serving bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate about 1 hour. Serve with sprinkled cinnamon and nutmeg. Makes 10 servings. Can be doubled.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Mix peaches and 1 cup of sugar in a bowl; set aside.
title: Jalapeno Dip instructions: Mix together softened Cheddar cheese and mayonnaise. Stir in remaining ingredients; stir alot. Can keep for two weeks or more in refrigerator. Serve with Wheat Thins crackers, Fritos, etc. Hot, hot, hot! But loved by all.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Sift together first 5 ingredients. Combine oil and sugar and mix well. Add eggs (one at a time) to sugar and oil mixture; beat well. Add carrots and mix well. Add nuts. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean.
title: Chicken In Honey Mustard Sauce instructions: In skillet over medium heat in hot oil, cook chicken for 10 minutes or until browned. Remove, pour off fat. In same skillet, combine soup, orange juice, honey, mustard and pepper. Heat to boiling. Return chicken to skillet. Cover, cook over low heat for 5 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink, stirring often. Serve with rice. Makes 4 servings. Contains 12 g fat and 520 calories.
title: Layered Jello instructions: You will need a 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Cranberry Jello(Given To Clo Fletcher By Clara Hollingsworth)   instructions: Mix jello, hot water and cold water. Add cranberry sauce; stir until dissolved. Refrigerate and chill, then add sour cream and pecans. Refrigerate until serving time.
title: Sliced Baked Potatoes instructions: Peel potatoes if skin is tough, otherwise leave skin on. Slice potatoes in thin slices, but not all the way through. Put potatoes in a baking dish; spread out slightly. Sprinkle with salt; drizzle with butter. Sprinkle with herbs. Bake at 425° for 50 minutes. Remove from oven; sprinkle with cheeses. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes until lightly brown.
title: Banana Nut Bread(Diabetic)   instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Grease and flour 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan or use a cooking spray.
title: Country Biscuits instructions: Cut shortening into dry mixture. Add enough milk to make a fairly wet dough. Place on floured board. Cut into rounds about 1/2 inch high and place close together in pan (greased). Bake in hot oven until brown.
title: Cheese Ball With Dried Beef instructions: Mix together. Roll in parsley flakes. Makes one cheese ball. Wrap in waxed paper, then in foil. Refrigerate. Serve with snack crackers.
title: Easter Eggs instructions: Drain pineapple and cherries. Cream together butter and Marshmallow Creme. Add drained pineapple, cherries and nuts. Mix well. Add sugar until thick and beginning to dry. Turn onto well sugared board and knead in remaining sugar until very dry. Shape into eggs and let stand 2 days to dry. Dip into milk chocolate until eggs are covered. Makes 48 eggs (1/4 pound each).
title: Sweet Potato Pudding instructions: Use canned sweet potatoes, drained. Mix all ingredients together except coconut. Bake at 375° for 35 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with coconut. Return to oven and brown.
title: Frozen Fruit Salad instructions: Cream the cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Add pineapple, sliced bananas and thawed strawberries. Fold in Cool Whip. Pour into the containers of your choice and freeze.
title: Hanky Panky instructions: Brown both meats in skillet; drain, then add cubed cheese. Stir until melted. Add remaining ingredients and simmer 10 minutes. Spoon onto rye bread slices. Place on cookie sheet; freeze. Place in Ziploc bags to store. Remove from freezer and heat in oven at 425° until hot and bubbly.
title: 100 Year Old Pie Crust instructions: Fix milk and vinegar 10 minutes prior to mixing rest of ingredients. Mix flour, Crisco or lard and salt with fork. Mix well. Make sure vinegar spoiled milk before mixing it with the other ingredients. Makes 1 large double crust or 2 small double crusts.
title: Pumpkin-Chocolate Bread instructions: In a mixing bowl combine pumpkin, oil, water and eggs; mix well. Add sugar. Sift together in a small bowl, flour, soda and salt. Add flour mixture to the pumpkin mixture. Stir in cinnamon, chocolate chips and pecans. Bake at 350° for 55 to 60 minutes. Makes 3 loaf pans.
title: German Pancake instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Blend it all together and put into a 10-inch skillet (cast-iron preferred). Prepare skillet by smearing 4 tablespoons butter all around the inside. Bake 25 to 35 minutes, until golden brown.
title: Peppermint Pie instructions: Beat egg whites, sugar and cream of tartar until peaks form. Spread thinly over pie shell. Bake at 300° for 15 minutes. Cool. Fill crust with peppermint ice cream and place in freezer until ready to serve. Yield: 6 servings.
title: Orange And Chip Muffins instructions: Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt into mixing bowl. Add the beaten egg. Mix in milk and vegetable oil just until ingredients are mixed. Stir in chips and orange peel. Line muffin tins with paper liners or grease tins. Fill 2/3 full with batter. Sprinkle nuts on top. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes until lightly browned.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Sift flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Add milk and melted butter to dry ingredients; stir until smooth. Spread in greased baking pan, 12 x 8 x 2-inches. Spread sliced peaches or your favorite fruit over batter in pan. Bring sugar, butter and juice to a boil; pour over fruit. Bake, uncovered. Sauce will be in bottom of pan. Serve warm. Bake at 375° for 45 to 50 minutes. Serves 8.
title: Strawberry Tunnel Cream Cake instructions: Cut a 1-inch layer from top of cake; set aside. Hollow out center of cake, leaving a 1-inch shell; tear remaining cake into bite-size pieces. Place shell on serving platter, and set aside. Beat cream cheese at medium speed with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add condensed milk; beat until blended. Stir in lemon juice and extract. Fold in cake pieces and strawberries. Spoon into cake shell; replace top layer. Cover and chill 3 hours or until set. Spread whipped topping on top and sides of cake; garnish, if desired. Chill.
title: Dill Dip(For Vegetables)   instructions: Mix mayo and sour cream together. Add all other ingredients and mix well.
title: Strawberry Mousse instructions: Pour boiling water into blender. Add gelatin and blend at low speed until completely dissolved, about 3 seconds. Add ice cubes and stir until ice is partially melted. Add strawberries, reserving 6 halves for garnish. If desired, add the whipped topping. Blend at high speed 30 seconds or until smooth. Pour into individual glasses. Chill until set, at least 30 minutes. Garnish with strawberries.
title: Drop Doughnuts instructions: Sift flour and measure in baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg. Combine shortening, egg, sugar and milk. Add sifted dry ingredients. Use sufficient extra flour to make a stiff drop batter. Drop by teaspoonfuls into 365 F fat. Fry until golden brown.
title: Pasta With Spinach Sauce instructions: In a heavy pan over moderate heat, cook bacon until fat runs. Add garlic and mushrooms and cook until they begin to lose their juices. Stir in scallions, spinach, tomatoes and parsley with salt and pepper. Cover pan and simmer gently for 10 minutes.
title: Braised Cabbage With Caraway instructions: Core cabbage; slice head into 1 1/2-inch wedges. In large skillet, melt margarine. Add cabbage, parsley, sugar, pepper and broth. Cover skillet and cook cabbage over medium heat for 12 minutes, basting several times with pan juices. When cabbage is nearly done, sprinkle it with caraway seed. Serve cabbage with a little of the pan juices.
title: Delicious Beans instructions: Cook bacon, saute onions in bacon grease. Add to beans in a crock-pot or bean pot. Bake in 350° oven for 1/2 hour or on low in crock-pot 4 to 5 hours. Use some of the canned bean liquid. Even better the next day.
title: Peanut Butter Cups instructions: Put all ingredients together and mix well. Then press into buttered cookie sheet or 13 x 9-inch cake pan (I use cake pan). Then melt 1 (12 ounce) package chocolate chips and spread over top of mixture. Cut while still warm.
title: Old-Fashioned Beef Stew instructions: Mix flour, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Coat meat with flour mixture. Melt shortening in a large skillet; brown meat thoroughly. Add water; heat to boiling. Reduce heat; cover and simmer 2 hours. Stir in remaining ingredients. Simmer 30 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
title: Apple Butter instructions: Wash and core apples; cut in 8ths. Put 1/3 cup cider or apple juice and 5 or 6 pieces of apple into blender. Cover and process until smooth. Increase speed to blender. Remove cap and add apple pieces until container is full. Empty into saucepan. Repeat with remaining cider and apples. Add sugar and spices to apples. Cook over low heat about 45 minutes, stirring slightly. Pour into jars. Process 10 minutes in boiling water.
title: Taco Salad Dip instructions: Mix together sour cream and cream cheese and spread on pizza pan. Spread on salsa and crumble on ground beef. Next, sprinkle onion. Add lettuce, tomatoes and cheese. Top with black olives and jalapeno peppers. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Zucchini Bread instructions: Mix well flour, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla, eggs and oil; then add remaining ingredients and mix well. Pour into greased pan. Bake at 350° from 40 to 60 minutes or until wooden pick comes out clean. Cool 5 minutes and remove from pan.
title: Eggnog Mix instructions: Mix well. Mix 1/2 cup to 1 cup hot water.
title: Supremes Of Chicken With Herbes De Provence instructions: Melt butter in large, heavy skillet (preferably nonstick). Sprinkle chicken breasts with salt, pepper and the herbs de Provence, pressing herbs into the chicken. Place chicken in the foaming butter and cook approximately 2 1/2 minutes on each side. Then remove from heat. Cover skillet and set aside for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Lemon Chicken With Thyme instructions: Mix flour, salt and pepper in bag. Rinse chicken and pat dry. Place in bag; shake to coat well. Brown chicken on 1 side in 1 tablespoon olive oil in skillet for 5 minutes; turn chicken. Add remaining olive oil. Cook for 5 minutes until brown. Remove chicken. Add margarine and onion to skillet. Saute for 3 minutes or until tender. Stir in broth, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and thyme. Bring to boil, stirring constantly. Add chicken; reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, covered for 7 minutes or until chicken is tender. Remove chicken to serving plate. Stir in remaining tablespoon of lemon juice in juices in skillet. Pour over chicken; sprinkle with parsley. Garnish with lemon wedges. Serve with rice. Serves 4.
title: Lemon Chiffon Pie instructions: Combine egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, lemon juice and salt. Cook in	double	boiler	until thick, stirring constantly. Soften gelatin in cold water.	Add to cooled mixture.	Add lemon peel and cool until partially set. Beat remaining 1/2 cup sugar into egg whites and fold into cooled mixture. Pour into baked shell and	chill.	Spread	with whipped cream, sweetened.
title: Squash Casserole #3 instructions: Combine squash, onion and water in saucepan. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer 5 to 10 minutes or until squash is tender. Drain and mash. Combine squash, cheese, pecans, mayonnaise, pepper, egg, sugar and salt, stirring well. Spoon into lightly greased 2-quart casserole. Combine cracker crumbs and butter, stirring well. Sprinkle over casserole. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes or until thoroughly heated. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Mom'S Homemade Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Mix soup, milk, mustard and 1 1/2 cups cheese. Add salt and cracked black pepper to taste. Mix well and add macaroni. Bake for 25 minutes in casserole dish. Stir and top with remaining cheese and onion rings. Bake 5 more minutes.
title: Blueberry Dessert instructions: Mix cracker crumbs, 1/2 cup sugar and butter. Pour into a 9 x 9-inch pan. Beat eggs, 1/2 cup sugar, vanilla and cream cheese together until smooth. Pour over crust and bake 25 minutes at 375°. Cool. Pour blueberry filling over the top and garnish with whipped cream (rich whip).
title: Honey-Mustard Chicken instructions: Flatten Chicken to 1/4 inch thickness. In a shallow bowl, combine Bread Crumbs and 1 teaspoon Mustard. In another shallow bowl, combine Honey and remaining Mustard. Dip Chicken in honey-mustard mixture, then coat with Crumbs. In non-stick skillet, over medium heat, cook Chicken in Butter on both sides until juices run clear, about 8 minutes.
title: Pan Potatoes And Chicken Teriyaki instructions: Cut potatoes into thin wedges and microwave 8 to 10 minutes until tender. While potatoes cook, in large skillet, toss and brown chicken in oil over high heat 5 minutes. Add potatoes; saute and toss until potatoes are lightly browned. Add onions and teriyaki sauce; toss until heated through. Time: 20 minutes. Serves 4.
title: Buttermilk Biscuits instructions: Mix all ingredients, knead until smooth. Bake at 450° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Cherry Fudge instructions: Lightly coat an 8-inch square baking pan with cooking spray; set aside. Blot cherries with paper towel to dry. Combine chocolates in heavy saucepan and place over very low heat; stir until melted and smooth. Remove from heat; add sweetened condensed milk and cherry juice. Stir until smooth and add pecans. Spoon mixture into prepared pan. Immediately press cherries into fudge, leaving top of each cherry and stem exposed. Cover and chill 2 hours or until firm. Cut into squares, a cherry in each square. Store in airtight container in the refrigerator.
title: Cole Slaw instructions: Mix all together. Let stand for at least 12 hours. Will keep for days.
title: Herb Roasted Chicken instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Sprinkle chicken cavities with the garlic salt and crushed rosemary. Truss chicken and place in an open roasting pan. Combine butter, wine, rosemary, basil, parsley, salt and pepper in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat a few minutes until thoroughly blended. Baste chicken with wine sauce. Roast 20 minutes per pound until tender. Baste frequently. The last 20 minutes, turn to brown underside.
title: Rum Cake instructions: Grease tube pan. Put chopped pecans in bottom of pan. Mix all ingredients together and pour into pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Scalloped Potatoes And Ham instructions: Put half of the potatoes into a greased baking dish. Sprinkle with half the onion, pepper and a little salt. Use the salt sparingly. Add ham. Cover with rest of potatoes, seasonings and onion. Add milk until it barely shows between the potato slices on top. Save the rest of the milk to add during baking, if necessary.
title: Middle Age Spread instructions: Mix and chill. Serve with cauliflowerets or other raw vegetables. Makes 3 cups.
title: Dirt Cake instructions: Mix the butter, cream cheese and sugar together; mix well and set aside. Combine pudding and milk and beat about 2 minutes. Add Cool Whip and mix with other ingredients. Layer mixed ingredients and Oreos in a bowl that looks like a flower pot, making sure the Oreos make up the top layer. Add gummy worms and 2 to 3 plastic flowers. Serve with plastic toy spade.
title: Quick Peach Cobbler instructions: Mix peaches, cinnamon and 1 cup sugar. Put in bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan. Sift flour, salt, 1 cup sugar, baking powder and vanilla in a bowl. Pour over peaches. Melt oleo and pour over all. Bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes.
title: Creamed Chicken Over Corn Bread instructions: Melt butter. Add flour. Stir until mixed well. Add broth, milk, onion and seasonings. Cook in double boiler until creamy. Add chicken. Add more milk if too thick. Serve over corn bread. If doubling recipe, only use 2 1/2 sticks butter.
title: Buttermilk Biscuits instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Mix ingredients. Roll dough on pastry sheet and cut or form in palms. Place on greased pan and bake 8 to 10 minutes. Yields approximately 1 dozen.
title: Broccoli And Cheese Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli and drain. Make white sauce with butter, flour and milk; add salt. Place layer of broccoli in baking dish, then layer of white sauce and layer of cheese. Top with Pepperidge Farm dressing. Drizzle melted butter over dressing. Bake at 350° for 1/2 hour.
title: Calico Salad instructions: Wash radishes, spinach and lettuce; chill in refrigerator. Save 2 or 3 radishes for "roses;" crisp with ice cube. Tear spinach leaves and lettuce into bite size pieces in salad bowl. Slice 5 or 6 radishes thinly. Add to greens. Peel oranges; cut into sections. Cut avocado into bite size chunks or slices. Reserve 8 to 10 large onion rings. Add remainder to salad. Just before serving, add dressing and toss lightly. Garnish with onion rings and radish "roses." Serves 6.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. In 9-inch pie plate, mix soup, vegetables and chicken. Mix milk, egg and baking mix. Pour over chicken mixture. Bake 30 minutes or until golden. Serves 4.
title: Mom'S Easy Chocolate Pie instructions: Mix well and pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake at 325° about 50 minutes.
title: Mini Pizza instructions: Brown and drain ground chuck. Spread pizza sauce on muffin. Garnish with meat, mushrooms, pepperoni and cheese. Put in microwave or regular oven at 350° until warm throughout.
title: Mexican Chocolate instructions: In large saucepan, heat all ingredients except milk and cream over low heat, stirring until chocolate is melted. Heat to boiling; reduce heat and simmer 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in milk; heat over low heat, stirring occasionally. Beat with rotary beater until foamy. Top serving with whipped cream. Makes 8 (2/3-cup) servings.
title: Mexican Salad instructions: Toss 1 cup grated cheese, 1/2 cup French or Thousand Island dressing and hot sauce to taste. Crunch and add one (6 ounce) bag of chips. Slice and add 1 avocado.
title: Punch Bowl Cake instructions: Make cake layers, cool completely. Prepare instant pudding according to directions on package; refrigerate. Place 1 cake layer in bottom of 6-quart glass punch bowl. Layer in 1/2 of the ingredients in the following order: pudding, pie filling, fruit cocktail, pineapple, nuts and Cool Whip. Add second cake layer and repeat the layers. Garnish top with cherries, nuts or more coconut. Refrigerate. Serves at least 35. When serving, spoon down side of punch bowl through first cake layer to get some of all the ingredients.
title: Brownie Mallow Bars instructions: Prepare brownies first: Mix eggs and sugar. Melt butter and add cocoa, then add the flour, salt, vanilla, and nuts. Mix. Bake at 350°F for 30 min. in a 9 x 13 in. pan. Top with marshmallows. Bake 3 min. longer. (Marshmallows till not be completely melted.) Cool on a wire rack. In a saucepan combine the chocolate chips, peanut butter, and butter. Cook and stir over low heat until smooth. Remove from heat, stir in cereal. Spread over brownies. Refrigerate.
title: Blueberry Supreme instructions: In bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs and sugar. Melt margarine and add to mixture. Press 2/3 crust mixture in a 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Set aside. In mixing bowl, beat Cool Whip and cream cheese together. Add confectioners sugar and continue to beat until smooth. Put cream cheese mixture on top of crust mixture. Top with blueberry pie filling. Sprinkle top with remaining crust mixture. Refrigerate before serving.
title: Stuffed Peppers instructions: Cut ends off peppers and remove seeds. Boil pepper 5 minutes. Chop pepper ends and onions. Saute with ground beef until brown, add other ingredients. Bake in muffin pan for 20 minutes at 375 degrees. Serves 6.
title: Susan'S Rolls instructions: Mix first 3 ingredients together and pour 1/2 cup boiling water over this. Mix until dissolved.
title: Carrot Delight instructions: Cook cleaned and sliced carrots in unsalted water until tender. Drain and place in bowl with chopped pepper and onion. Make a sauce of remaining ingredients. Bring sauce to boil and pour over carrots.
title: Zucchini Pineapple Bread instructions: Beat together eggs, oil, sugar and vanilla. Stir in zucchini and pineapple. Sift and stir in remaining ingredients. Grease and flour two large loaf pans (or five mini loaf pans). Bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Strawberry Jello Dessert instructions: Make jello with boiling water. Add 2 packages of strawberries and stir until thawed. Add the fruit and nuts. Mix well. Congeal 1/2 of mixture. Spread sour cream over this and top with the other half of mixture. Congeal. Serves around 12.
title: Baked Stuffed Shells instructions: Brown ground beef in a skillet over medium heat. Drain fat; sprinkle with garlic salt and set aside to cool. Mix cheeses, eggs, salt, parsley flakes and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Mix ground beef with cheese mixture. Cook large shells according to package instructions.
title: Fruit And Nut Roll instructions: Put crushed wafers in bowl and add cherries and nuts. Add vanilla and pour milk over mixture. Mix with hands. Roll and shape into 2 large rolls (helps to dust hands with powdered sugar before rolling). Roll each with coconut, then sugar. Refrigerate 1 hour before slicing or wrap in plastic wrap and freeze.
title: Apple Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix oil, sugar, eggs and nuts. Add flour, soda, cinnamon and vanilla. Mix well and place in a Bundt pan. Bake for 60 to 65 minutes. Cool and remove from pan. Can also bake in 13 x 9-inch pan.
title: Chicken Of The Year instructions: Combine corn flakes with salt, pepper and monosodium glutamate. Line shallow pan with aluminum foil. Dip chicken legs in evaporated milk and then roll in corn flake mixture. Place in pan. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Serves 8.
title: Carrot Cookies instructions: Combine ingredients and mix well. Drop by teaspoon onto greased baking sheet. Bake at 400° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Nutty Peach Crisp instructions: Layer in order given in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 325° for 55 to 60 minutes. Serve hot or cold.
title: Sauerkraut Salad instructions: Mix and refrigerate overnight, the longer the better.
title: Dilled Turkey Breast instructions: In a saucepan, combine soup, chicken broth, sour cream and dill weed. Cook until heated through, but do not boil. Arrange turkey slices on a platter; pour sauce over and serve immediately. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Asian Slaw instructions: Crush noodles in bottom of 13 x 9 casserole dish. Layer slaw mix, onions, almonds and sunflower seeds, but do not mix. Then mix together oil, vinegar, sugar and 2 packages of the Ramen noodle seasoning mix. Pour over other mixture, but do not mix. Let chill 24 hours. Then mix before serving.
title: Stuffing instructions: In a large skillet, melt margarine and saute the onion and celery until light yellow. Add bread crumbs and remaining ingredients. Toss lightly with a fork to mix. Makes enough stuffing for a small turkey, 8 pounds. Use half for a roasting chicken.
title: Mystery Squares instructions: Mix graham crackers and butter together. Line 9 x 14-inch pan with this mixture. Mix walnuts, chocolate chips and coconut; spread over crust. Pour condensed milk over the top and bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Cheese Biscuits instructions: Mix first three ingredients. Drop by spoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 8 to 10 minutes. When biscuits are still warm, brush them with melted margarine/garlic mixture.
title: Purple Cowsocorro, New Mexico   instructions: In a blender container place softened ice cream, milk and frozen grape juice concentrate.
title: Guacamole Soup instructions: Place buttermilk, chicken stock, sliced avocado, lemon juice, salsa and cilantro in a blender. Puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours. Stir diced avocado into soup. Ladle into chilled bowls. Garnish soup with chopped tomato and cilantro.
title: Fried Rice instructions: Boil chicken; bone and dice meat. Boil rice in leftover chicken broth (about 4 cups). Fry bacon crisp and break into small pieces. Melt the Crisco; heat it hot and add the eggs (well beaten) slowly, stirring vigorously to break up small. Mix all ingredients together and add chopped onions, salt and soy sauce to taste. Serve hot and top with undiluted cream of mushroom soup.
title: Assyrian Rice instructions: Combine rice and salt; soak overnight, covered well with water. The next day, bring a large pan of water to a boil. Drain the soaked rice; put into boiling water and parboil (about 10 minutes). Drain off water.
title: Cheese Grits Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In a 2-quart saucepan, bring water to boil. Add grits and bring to second boil. Reduce heat to simmer setting and cook gently until thickened. Remove from heat. Add cheese and stir until melted. Add melted butter and mix evenly. Beat eggs, then add seasonings. Gradually add to cheese grits mixture and combine evenly. Pour into a 1-quart casserole. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until "set." (Serves 4 to 6.)
title: Layered Ambrosia instructions: Combine banana and lemon juice in a small bowl; toss gently to coat. Layer orange sections, bananas, strawberries and pineapple in a 1 1/2-quart serving bowl; cover and chill.
title: Mema Weimar'S Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Bring water to boil. Add macaroni and cook for about 15 minutes. Drain. Place in pan and pour the can of tomatoes (mashed good) over top. Add bacon grease and grated cheese. Add salt and pepper to taste; stir all together. Sprinkle some grated cheese on top and bacon bits. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Beat eggs. Add sugar, corn, salt, pepper, onion and grated cheese. Then add melted margarine. Pour into casserole and bake at 350° for 1 hour or until well browned.
title: German Chocolate Pie instructions: In a saucepan melt chocolate and butter over low heat, stirring to mix well. Remove from heat and gradually blend in milk. Set aside. In a bowl, combine sugar, cornstarch and salt. Stir in eggs and vanilla. Gradually stir in chocolate mixture. Pour into pastry shell. Combine pecans and coconut. Sprinkle over filling. Bake at 375° for 45 to 50 minutes or until puffed and browned. Chill; filling will become firm as it cools.
title: Shrimp Scampi(Makes 4 Servings)   instructions: Preheat broiler to high. Peel shrimp, rinse, drain well and pat dry. Mix the remaining ingredients in a large bowl. Add shrimp and mix to coat well.
title: Cinnamon Pecans instructions: Beat 2 egg whites until foamy. Add pecan halves; mix until foamy. Set aside.
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease Bundt or tube pan. Beat butter and brown sugar. Add eggs and vanilla. Beat well. Add flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice and apple juice or cider. Fold together. Fold apples, raisins and walnuts into batter. Smooth out into pan. Bake approximately 45 minutes. Cool 5 minutes in pan. Loosen and remove. Cool completely. Confectioners sugar or glaze if desired.
title: Butterscotch Brownies instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Then pour into a brownie pan and bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Daffodilles instructions: Make 8 cuts in each biscuit. Combine cream cheese, prepared mustard and dill weed together. Indent center and add 1 teaspoon cream cheese mixture. Bake at 375° for 10 to 13 minutes.
title: Vegetable Crunch instructions: Mix all together. Put in greased casserole dish. Crumble Ritz crackers on top. Drizzle 1/2 cup margarine on top. Bake for 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Pumpkin Bundt Cake instructions: Oven: 350°. Grease and flour Bundt pan. Combine first 6 ingredients. Set aside. Beat together pumpkin, oil, orange juice, eggs and vanilla. Add dry ingredients. Fold in nuts and raisins. Bake for 55 minutes. Sprinkle on confectioners sugar when cool.
title: Scallop Potatoes instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until done.
title: Mess instructions: Cut bacon strips into 1/2-inch pieces. Fry until done and drain off grease. Add tomatoes, tomato paste and 1 cup water. Cook to a thick sauce. Boil noodles according to directions. Drain. Pour sauce over noodles. Top individual servings with generous sprinkling of grated Cheddar cheese.
title: Lemon-Paprika Chicken instructions: Rinse chicken with cold water; pat dry with paper towels. Place skin side down on broiler pan. Squeeze about 1 teaspoon lemon juice on each piece of chicken. Sprinkle on lightly the pepper, garlic powder, salt and paprika. Place broiler pan 6 to 8-inches below broiler element or gas flame. Broil chicken until crispy. Turn pieces of chicken over; apply lemon and spices on skin side and broil until done next to bone and surface is crispy.
title: Creamed Cabbage Deluxe instructions: Cook all ingredients together until tender. Pour off liquid and thicken with cornstarch. Add 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Pour over vegetables in casserole and serve.
title: Lemon Cheese Pie instructions: Combine crumbs and oleo. Spray 9-inch pie plate with Pam and press crumb mixture over back and sides of plate. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes or until crisp. Cool. Pour milk in medium size bowl, cover and freeze until partially frozen (15 to 20 minutes). Meanwhile in a small mixing bowl dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Set aside. With electric mixer beat milk until thick and foamy. Gradually beat in dissolved gelatin. Add 1/2 cup Ricotta cheese to gelatin mix and beat. Add remaining cheese, beating until smooth. Pour mix into cooled crust. Cover and refrigerate until set (3 hours).
title: Blueberry Muffins instructions: Mix together the first 4 ingredients in a medium-size bowl. In a small bowl beat egg whites, orange juice, oil and vanilla; add to dry ingredients until just moistened. Fold in blueberries. Fill muffin cups (sprayed with nonstick cooking spray) about half full. Bake at 400° for 17 minutes or until golden brown. Cool before serving. Makes 36 muffins.
title: Jello Salad instructions: Mix cottage cheese, mayonnaise and Pet milk well. Mix all together. Put in refrigerator to chill. Serve on lettuce leaf with crackers or Ritz.
title: Mountain Cookies instructions: Melt margarine and add sugar, cinnamon and cloves. Mix together and cool. Add eggs, beat in well by hand. Add soda (dissolved in water), orange rind, lemon rind and extract. Add molasses. Mix together flour, baking powder and salt; then add it slowly into other combined ingredients. Pack into waxed paper lined bread pans. Refrigerate until it is hard enough to slice in thin slices. Sprinkle each slice with sugar and bake in 350° oven for 5 to 7 minutes.
title: Banana Pancakes instructions: Beat egg. Beat in remaining ingredients until smooth. Serve with honey or currant jelly or dust with confectioners sugar.
title: Steak Butter instructions: Cook onion and wine in a small saucepan until the liquid is reduced to 1/4 cup. Remove from heat and cool. With beater, cream butter and parsley. Gradually beat in the wine mixture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Makes 3/4 cup butter.
title: More Cake instructions: Mix all together. Bake in Bundt pan for 45 to 55 minutes at 350° until done.
title: Tam'S Taco Dip instructions: Mix taco seasoning with beans in rectangular cake pan. Spread evenly. Spread sour cream over top. Spread cheese, olives and onions. Put as much lettuce as you like. Top with tomato. Dip chips and enjoy. (Good with hot sauce, too!) Preparation time: 15 minutes.
title: Crab Meat Dip instructions: Mix ingredients together and heat in microwave on High until bubbly, 2 or 3 minutes. Remove from microwave and stir vigorously until all ingredients are combined. Sprinkle with Salad Supreme.
title: Oatmeal-Applesauce Muffins instructions: Beat margarine and sugar together until creamy. Add egg and beat well. Combine remaining dry ingredients. Mix well. Add to egg mixture. Mix applesauce and apple juice. Add to batter. Fill greased or paper-lined muffin cups 2/3 full. Bake at 375° for 30 minutes or until muffins are lightly browned on top. Makes 1 dozen yummy muffins.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli according to directions. Drain. Add 1/2 stick margarine. Melt through the broccoli. Add 1/2 pound cheese. Mix altogether. Put in baking dish. Cover with crackers. Melt 1 stick margarine and pour on top of crackers. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes.
title: Creamy Baked Chicken instructions: Place chicken in greased 13 x 9 baking pan. In bowl, combine soups, sour cream, water, onions, salt and pepper. Spoon over chicken. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake uncovered at 350° for 1 hour or until juices run clear.
title: Pumpkin Crunch Cake instructions: Pour into 9 x 13-inch pan lined with waxed paper.
title: Russian Tea instructions: Mix all together. Seal in airtight container.
title: Make Ahead French Toast instructions: Mix together eggs, milk, brown sugar and cinnamon. Using a 13 x 9-inch pan, put some melted margarine in bottom of pan. Sprinkle a bit of the cinnamon and brown sugar mixture, then lay down six slices of bread (dunk in egg and milk mixture) and repeat the layers. Do three layers of bread, six slices each. Prepare the night before. Cook, uncovered, at 350° for one hour.
title: Baked Corn instructions: Beat eggs, then add sugar and salt. Mix well with fork. Mix 1/2 cup milk and add flour, then add to the ingredients. Add rest of the milk. Melt butter and add. Add corn and mix well. Bake for 1 hour at 350°; bake, covered.
title: Pear Relish instructions: Put the pears, onions and peppers through food grinder and mix. Add the remaining ingredients. Mix well and cook for 1 hour before putting in sterilized jars.
title: Cabbage Soup instructions: Brown meat and drain well. Add tomato juice and one juice can of water. Add remaining ingredients and simmer several hours.
title: Chicken Burritos instructions: Boil or fry chicken and dice it up. Dice onion. Spread thin layer of chicken, onion, cheese, barbecue sauce and taco sauce on burrito wraps. Add dash of chili powder. Place burritos in baking pan and spread cream of chicken soup over burritos. Sprinkle cheese and chili powder on top. Bake 20 minutes or until cheese is melted thoroughly.
title: Vegetable Rice Salad instructions: Cook rice according to package directions. Cool. Combine rice and vegetables, tossing lightly. Combine mayo, mustard and garlic dressing. Pour over rice-vegetable mixture. Toss lightly. Chill overnight.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Cook noodles until tender, drain and place in 9 x 13-inch dish. Mix soup, milk and salt; heat. Add cheese and stir until melted. Add remaining ingredients, except 1/3 cup almonds and bread crumbs. Pour over noodles and then top with crumbs and nuts. Bake at 350°, covered, for 10 minutes. Then remove cover and bake for 20 minutes more.
title: Hot Taco Dip instructions: In a 9 x 13-inch glass dish, spray with nonstick cooking spray. Spread softened cream cheese onto dish. Spoon chili on top of cream cheese. Spread to cover dish. Sprinkle shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese on top. Bake for 25 minutes at 350°. Serve with nacho chips.
title: Italian Sausage Bean Casserole instructions: Cut sausage in bite size pieces and brown in frying pan. Brown onion in sausage juice. Add tomato paste and 1 or more cans of water, salt, pepper, a little oregano, 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard and 1 tablespoon brown sugar. Simmer about 10 minutes. Add drained beans and browned sausage. Mix well. Spoon into casserole or oblong baking dish. Bake 45 to 60 minutes uncovered at 350°. This recipe may be prepared the night before and baked the next day.
title: Broccoli Salad instructions: In a large salad bowl, combine broccoli, cauliflower, bacon, onion and tomatoes. Set aside. In another bowl, combine mayonnaise, sugar and vinegar; mix until smooth. Just before serving, pour dressing over salad and toss. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Peanut Butter Bonbons instructions: Mix together the margarine, peanut butter, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl with wooden spoon. Refrigerate. Roll into 1-inch balls. Refrigerate.
title: Zucchini Marmalade instructions: Place zucchini in small amount of water and cook for 6 minutes. Add sugar, lemon juice and pineapple with juice and cook 6 more minutes. Remove from heat and add the jello. Stir until jello is dissolved. Place in jars and freeze.
title: One Bowl Holiday Fudge instructions: Microwave chocolate and milk in large bowl on High 2 to 3 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring halfway through heating time. Remove from microwave. Stir in vanilla and walnuts. Spread in greased 8-inch square pan. Refrigerate until firm. Cut into squares. Makes 4 dozen.
title: Corn Muffins In Corn Shucks instructions: Mix flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and 3/4 cup cheese. Make a well in the center. Mix beaten egg, margarine, honey and milk. Pour into well in center of mix. Stir just to moisten. Grease twelve 2 1/2-inch muffin tins. Place 2 or 3 strips of corn husks in each tin. Fill with batter and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake at 375° for 20 minutes. These will keep at room temperature for 12 hours.
title: Blueberry Crisp instructions: Put berries in dish. Sprinkle with lemon rind (optional). Blend ingredients and sprinkle on berries. Bake in preheated oven at 375° for about 25 minutes.
title: Taco Salad instructions: Brown meat. Saute vegetables. Combine the two and simmer. Season with salt, chili powder and cumin. In top of double boiler, melt cheese. Add Ro-Tel tomatoes. Cut lettuce coarsely and dice tomatoes. Put in large bowl. Add meat and vegetables and mix lightly. Add slightly crushed corn chips and toss. Top with hot cheese mixture. Serve immediately.
title: Parmesan Potatoes instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cut potatoes into 1/2-inch cubes. Place in baking dish. Melt margarine and pour on top of potatoes. Add salt and pepper and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese; stir. Place in oven and bake for 1 hour. Halfway through cooking time, add 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese and stir. Add Mozzarella cheese, if desired, 5 minutes before removing from oven. Great with grilled steaks. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Zucchini Casserole instructions: Saute onion in 1/4 cup margarine along with carrot and zucchini. Put half of stuffing in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Combine sauteed vegetables, sour cream, soup and eggs. Pour over stuffing. Place remainder of stuffing on top. Drizzle margarine and add grated cheese. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until baked through.
title: Italian Vegetable Dip instructions: Mix until well blended. Serve with fresh, raw vegetables or chips. Makes 2 1/4 cups.
title: Tasty Homestyle Noodles instructions: Mix eggs with water, add flour enough to it looks like pie crust, roll on floured counter, put flour on top of mixture, roll like jelly roll, cut 1 inch strips and let sit for 1/2 hour to dry a little, using a kettle boil your chicken extra with chicken bouillon and add noodles cook until they float to the top and then turn them to simmer and while they are simmering. Fry up the remainder of the chicken.
title: Clam Chowder instructions: Simmer first 9 ingredients until vegetables are tender, 30 to 45 minutes. Add minced clams, juice and all. Cook another 5 minutes. In blender mix flour, 1/2 quart half and half and melted butter. Add to chowder. Then add rest of half and half. Add 1/8 to 1/4 pound more butter and a dash or 2 of Tabasco. Serve with 1 tablespoon sherry (I add more).
title: Stuffed Shrimp(Scampi Ripieni)   instructions: Peel and devein shrimp, leaving tail intact. Butterfly and flatten shrimp. Mix all remaining ingredients together and stuff shrimp. Bake at 400° for 20 to 30 minutes. Serves 4.
title: Apricot-Almond Upside Down Cake instructions: Drain apricots, reserving 2 tablespoons syrup. Preheat oven to 350°. Place butter or margarine in a 9x1 1/2-inch round baking pan. Melt butter in pan in oven while preheating. Remove pan.
title: Cherry Dump Cake instructions: Spray a 9 x 13-inch cake pan with Pam. Spread ingredients in layers according to way listed; pie filling first and crushed nuts last. Do not stir. Bake 1 hour at 325°.
title: Rhubarb Salad instructions: Cook rhubarb with sugar and water until tender. While still hot, add strawberry jello and stir, then add pineapple and nuts. Cool and refrigerate.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Mix together cornstarch, sugar and 7-Up. Cook to boiling about 5 minutes (until thickens). Add Jell-O. Mix and let boil. Put in refrigerator and let cool for about 20 minutes. Add berries and pour into pie shell. Let chill. Serve with Cool Whip.
title: Cheesy Sausage Quiche instructions: Heat oven to 425°. Prepare pastry shell. Bake 7 minutes. Remove from oven; reduce oven temperature to 350°.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Rinse mushrooms and pat dry. Remove stems; chop and set aside. In large skillet, melt butter. Brush mushroom caps with melted butter; place on lightly buttered shallow baking pan. To remaining butter, add onions and mushroom stems. Saute 2 minutes. Add crumbs, cheese, nuts, parsley, salt and pepper; stir. Spoon into mushroom caps, piling high. Bake at 350° until hot, about 20 minutes.
title: Summer Tomato Sauce instructions: Combine all ingredients except pasta. In a large bowl, let rest covered for at least 2 hours to develop flavor. Toss cooked pasta into sauce and serve at room temperature.
title: Strawberry Mousse instructions: Put all ingredients into a liquidiser and switch on! When light and frothy, chill in fridge until ready to eat.
title: Dried Flowers instructions: Mix ingredients in a jar. Place stems of flowers in the jar. Remove jar to a dark spot for 2 weeks (can be left longer if desired).
title: Banana Bread instructions: Cream butter and sugar well. Beat eggs and add to butter and sugar. Mash bananas well and add to butter and sugar. Add salt and soda to flour. Add to batter and mix well. Add nuts. Bake in 350° oven for about 1 hour.
title: Quick Cobbler instructions: Melt butter in cake pan. In bowl, mix the flour, sugar and milk. Add to melted butter. Pour peaches into mixture. Bake 30 minutes at 350°. (Other fruits can be used.)
title: Citrus Slush Punch instructions: In blender, combine bananas, lemonade concentrate and orange concentrate; blend for 1 minute or until smooth. (If blender is unavailable, combine ingredients in large mixing bowl and beat with electric mixer.) Pour into large container (1 gallon size); add pineapple juice and water. Freeze overnight. (May be frozen up to 6 months.)
title: Easy Fruit Dip instructions: Mix on low speed until blended. May be served with sliced apples, strawberries, grapes or fruit of your choice. Makes a good appetizer or party dish.
title: Reuben Dip instructions: Combine all ingredients in baking dish. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Serve hot with snack crackers.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: In a large bowl stir first five ingredients. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Lay pecans on top and bake 50 to 55 minutes.
title: Peanut Butter Fudge Dream instructions: Cook sugar, butter, milk, salt and vanilla to a soft ball stage; add marshmallow cream and peanut butter just before removing from stove. Then beat by hand until thick and creamy. Pour in buttered pan; cool well before cutting into squares.
title: Salad Dressing instructions: Mix all ingredients at once in a blender.
title: Milk Eggnog instructions: Blend all ingredients in blender until smooth. Sprinkle with nutmeg. Add ice cream.
title: Cheesecake instructions: Mix all ingredients together and pour into graham cracker crust. Add fresh fruit or any canned fruit pie filling on top. Refrigerate 2 hours.
title: Baked Apples instructions: Remove core from the apples and take a little slice off the bottom to keep the apples from falling over. Mix up some raisins and brown sugar. Add some red hots or raisins if you want. Stuff inside the apples. Bake at 325° until tender. Top with Cool Whip and serve.
title: Chafing Dish Dip instructions: Heat soups; stir in cheese until melted and add remaining ingredients. Leave hot in chafing dish with melba rounds. Serves 75 to 80.
title: Chocolate Brandy Fondue instructions: Put chocolate chips, water and cream into a sauce warmer. Stir over moderate heat on stove until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and stir in orange liqueur. Keep warm over candle and dip in angel cake pieces, strawberries, oranges and the like. Serves 8.
title: Muffin Biscuits instructions: Mix together in a bowl. Fill greased muffin tins half full. Bake at 450° for 15 minutes. Makes 6.
title: Apple Cake instructions: Beat all ingredients together (except apples). Place 1/2 of the batter into a greased tube pan. Arrange enough sliced apples to cover. Sprinkle with sugar & cinnamon to cover. Repeat same process for second layer ending with sugar & cinnamon. Bake at 325 degrees for 1 3/4 hours to 2 hours. (Make sure a toothpick or small knitting needle inserted into cake is clean when removed.) Remove from pan when lukewarm.
title: Spiced Tea instructions: Mix well and keep in a tight container. Put 2 heaping teaspoons to a cup. Finish filling with hot water (boiling).
title: Chicken Yassa instructions: Clean and cut chicken in half or quarters. Put shredded onion on top. Mix juice from lime, oil, small amount of vinegar, bay leaves, salt and pepper. Pour over chicken and marinate for several hours. About an hour or so before serving, have a hot charcoal fire with grill ready. Grill chicken, browning on all sides until almost blackened. In a pot, heat a small amount of oil. Add chicken, green peppers, chili pepper (optional), chicken bouillon and all the marinade ingredients. Cover and cook gently until chicken is tender (about 30 minutes). Serve garnished with sliced tomatoes and lemons. Eat with rice or bread. Very good served with a mixed green salad. Lamb, beef or liver can be used in place of chicken.
title: Maryland Crab Soup instructions: Brown beef in soup pot with bacon strips. Add other ingredients, except frozen vegetables and crab meat. Cook 3 hours or until meat is tender. Add rest of ingredients and simmer covered until vegetables are done. If you want it hotter, add a few dashes of Tabasco sauce, or have it available on serving.
title: Peanut Brittle instructions: Combine sugar, syrup and water. Bring to boil. Add peanuts and butter. Cook to 300°. Remove from heat; add baking soda and vanilla. Pour into greased cookie sheet. Should look green when first poured. Let cool. Break into pieces. Store in airtight container.
title: Chocolate Trifle(Death By Chocolate)   instructions: Bake cake as directed in 9 x 13-inch pan. Place 1/2 of cake in the bottom of a clear bowl or trifle dish. Make pudding, using 3/4 cup more milk than is called for. Pour 1/2 of the pudding over the cake. Sprinkle with 1/2 bag of chocolate chips and 1/2 bag of Heath bits over the cake and pudding. Repeat layers. Top with Cool Whip.
title: Rich Caramel Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt caramels and margarine. Remove from heat, add milk, Mix well. Follow package directions for cake mix; pour 2 cups batter into a 9 x 13 inch pan that has been sprayed with Pam. Bake 15 minutes. Spread caramel mixture over cake; spread remaining batter over mixture. Top with pecans. Return to oven and bake 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Pepper Steak instructions: Cut steak in strips. Brown in small amount oil. Push to one side. Add onion chunks. Simmer until onions are done. Add soy sauce, salt and garlic; cover and simmer 10 minutes. Add green peppers. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Serve over hot cooked rice.
title: Pepperoni Bread instructions: Roll dough out into an oblong shape. Layer pepperoni, American and Provolone cheeses alternately. Best if cheeses are layed out first, then pepperoni and then cheeses again. Roll up and seal edges. Brush with egg white. Bake at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes.
title: Three Fruit Marmalade instructions: Wash fruit well. Dry and peel very thinly. Cut the peel into shreds. Holding fruit over a bowl to catch the juice, cut off the pith and remove the seeds, tying them in cheesecloth bag, then slice the fruit thinly. Measure the fruit and juice and put in a large bowl with 3 times quantity of cold water, the pith and seeds and the shredded fruit. Let stand for 24 hours.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Bake pie shells until brown. Let cool. Mix sugar, Cool Whip and cream cheese together and spread in pie shells. Slice strawberries and mix in glaze. Spread on top of pies. Makes 2 pies.
title: Christmas Bread Wreath instructions: Place defrosted bread in oiled bowl and cover with tea towel. Let rise in warm place 3 to 4 hours. Punch down (do not knead). Stretch onto an oiled cookie sheet to approximately 8 1/2 x 12-inch rectangle. Spread with soft butter or oleo. Sprinkle with brown sugar, white sugar, cinnamon, raisins, ground nuts and candied fruits. Roll like a jelly roll. Wet hands and pinch ends together securely, making a large ring. Cut with scissors every 1/2-inch around the ring. Using hands, twist each section to lay flatter and hide the cookie sheet. Let rise until almost double in warm place. Bake 1/2 hour at 350° until lightly browned.
title: Lazy Candied Yams instructions: Pour yams into casserole dish. Sprinkle with brown sugar and dot with butter. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Cover with marshmallows and bake until marshmallows melt to a golden brown. Make sure oven is preheated.
title: Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Combine peanut butter, shortening, sugar, milk and vanilla. Beat until well mixed. Add egg and beat. Combine flour, salt and baking soda and add to the mixture. Mix. Drop by spoonful on baking sheet. Bake at 375° for 7 to 10 minutes.
title: No Fools Pie instructions: Melt the margarine in bottom of pan. Pour the pie filling over margarine. Mix the flour, sugar and milk. Pour over top. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until brown.
title: Snickerdoodle Cookies instructions: Sift together flour, cream of tartar, soda and salt. Add shortening and sugar; beat at low speed. Add eggs. Batter should be dough-like; chill in refrigerator. Roll into balls. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes.
title: Wild Rice Soup instructions: Rinse rice with cold water; drain. Cook rice in chicken broth until tender. Saute celery, green pepper, onion, mushrooms, carrot and garlic in butter until tender. Add flour and cook 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add broth, rice, salt, pepper, curry and pimento.
title: Pecan Tarts instructions: Mix cream cheese, margarine and flour. Roll into ball. Chill for 1 hour or overnight. Pinch out 8 balls. Press balls into muffin tin with fingers, working up to the top. Set aside. In a separate bowl, beat egg. Add brown sugar and mix well. Add margarine, vanilla, almond extract, white syrup, salt and chopped pecans. Put 1 tablespoon of the mixture into each cup. Bake at 325 degrees for 25 minutes.
title: Never Fail Crust instructions: Cut Crisco into flour and salt. Mix together vinegar, water and egg. Add to flour mixture and mix. May be stored in refrigerator for several days. Makes 3 or 4 crusts.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Layer ingredients in casserole in order given. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Serve over pasta shells.
title: Broccoli Bread instructions: Mix all ingredients except the cornbread mix. Add last. Pour into a greased 9 x 13 casserole dish. Bake for 15 to 25 minutes at 400°.
title: Green Beans With Mint instructions: In medium saucepan, heat green beans and mint flakes to boiling. Drain; toss with butter, then salt and pepper to taste. Serves 6.
title: West Virginia Nog instructions: Combine sugar, milk, pudding, egg yolk, vanilla and nutmeg until well blended. Beat egg whites until stiff with sugar. Fold into egg nog mixtures. Chill.
title: Beef-A-La-Lindstrom(Bof A La Linstrom)   instructions: Mix minced beef with mashed potatoes and egg yolks; gradually stir in cream. Add diced beets, onions and capers. Stir carefully and season with salt, paprika and white pepper. Shape into round, flat cakes about 1-inch thick and fry in hot butter over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Serve with fresh vegetables.
title: Nana'S Green Tomato Pie instructions: Slice tomatoes into unbaked pie shell. Mix remaining ingredients; pour over tomatoes. Cover with top crust; flute edges and make several slits in the top.	Bake at 375° about 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Hawaiian Ambrosia Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients and mix well. Pour cooled dressing (amount according to personal preference) over all and stir well. Makes about 8 servings.
title: Beef And Bean Enchiladas instructions: Brown ground beef with minced garlic. Add 1/2 cup picante sauce, tomatoes, beans, corn, cumin and chili powder. Mix well. Cook, uncovered, stirring frequently 5 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated. Stir in green onions. Spoon about 1/3 cup of mixture down the center of each flour tortilla; roll up.	Place seam-side down	in 13 x 9-inch baking dish sprayed with vegetable spray. Spoon 1 cup picante sauce evenly over enchiladas. Bake, covered, at 350° for 15 minutes or until hot. Top with cheese and return to oven 3 minutes or until cheese melts. Top with sour cream and additional picante sauce, if desired.
title: 7-Up Pound Cake instructions: In large bowl cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time and mix well after each egg. Add flour, 7-Up, flavor and juice. Mix until flour is blended in, then blend until smooth about 3 minutes at high speed. Pour batter into Bundt cake pan. Bake in preheated oven at 350° for 1 hour 10 minutes. Remove from oven. Cool 10 minutes in pan and remove to cake plate.
title: Christmas Applesauce Cake instructions: Combine applesauce, soda and butter in saucepan; heat on low and let cool. In large bowl, combine sugar, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and flour. Combine with applesauce mixture. Add preserves and nuts.
title: Slush instructions: Combine flour and butter into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Pat. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Simple Stir-Fry instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Bake chicken in foil. Salt and pepper to taste, dot with margarine and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Cut chicken in bite size pieces. Pour water into skillet. Heat on medium high. Add frozen vegetables and sliced chestnuts. Add wine and soy sauce; gently stir in chicken. Continue to stir until all food items are well coated. Cover with lid; cook until all liquid has evaporated. Stir occasionally. Serve immediately.
title: Cranberry Squares instructions: Dissolve gelatin in hot water. Add sugar, lemon juice and pineapple juice. Stir to dissolve. Chill until partially set. Add remaining ingredients. Chill in oiled pan or in individual molds until firm.
title: Beefy Roni instructions: Cook macaroni according to package directions. Rinse and set aside. Brown ground beef in skillet. Drain. Add Miracle Whip and spaghetti sauce. Stir in noodles. Heat until desired temperature.
title: Chicken And Wild Rice instructions: Melt margarine in dish. Add rice and mushrooms. Arrange chicken on top. Add soup and water. Sprinkle seasoning from rice on top. Bake at 350° for 1 hour covered with foil. Remove foil after 45 minutes if all liquid is not absorbed.
title: Honey-Glazed Carrots instructions: Cook carrots in boiling water about 10 minutes or until tender. Drain. In a skillet, melt margarine and add sugar and honey. Simmer this for 2 minutes. Add carrots and cook over low heat, turning until well glazed (about 5 minutes).
title: Yogurt Pie instructions: Press this mixture into a deep dish pie pan that has been sprayed with nonstick spray.
title: Corn Relish instructions: Boil corn 5 minutes. Cut from cob. Measure. Chop and measure cabbage and peppers. Chop onions. Add sugar, seasonings, vinegar and water. Simmer 20 minutes. Pack into hot canning jars. Seal at once.
title: Caribbean Guacamole Crab Canapes instructions: Combine all ingredients (except spinach leaves). Chill 2 hours. Spoon onto spinach leaves.
title: Stir-Fried Chicken And Broccoli instructions: Preheat a 10-inch browning dish 5 minutes at 100% power. Pour in oil. Add onions, chicken strips and broccoli. Stir until sizzling stops; cover. Microwave at High power for 6 to 9 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink and broccoli is tender-crisp. Add mushrooms and soy sauce mixture, stirring to coat chicken. Microwave 2 to 3 minutes or until sauce thickens slightly, mushrooms are tender and mixture is heated throughout.
title: One Pan Pork Chop And Cabbage instructions: Fry pork chops in large pan or electric skillet until browned. Take chops out. Add finely shredded cabbage to pan and rosemary. Place chops on top of cabbage. Cover and let cook on medium heat. Stir cabbage occasionally. Cook until cabbage is reduced down and fully cooked. Chops will be tender.
title: Holiday Citrus Quencher instructions: Mix lemon juice, lime juice and sugar together, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add Tropicana orange juice, chill. When you are ready to serve add club soda and ice. Stir. Garnish glasses with lime slices.
title: Fried Squash Bread instructions: Cook squash in water until soft; leave 3/4 cup water in pot. Combine other ingredients with squash and water; mix together. Fry in hot oil until golden brown.
title: Fresh Strawberry Pie instructions: Toss whole strawberries in bowl with 1/2 cup strawberry jam. Coat well.	Arrange strawberries in precooked pie shell. Brush with remaining 1/2 cup jam. Serve with mint sprigs and/or whipped cream, if desired.	Yields 6 servings.
title: Pizza Toast instructions: Spread about 1 tablespoon sauce on toasted bread. Sprinkle a little garlic salt, then top with slice of cheese. Ready to eat cold or heat in microwave for 20 seconds.
title: Camptrail Brownies instructions: Cream butter and sugar, add eggs and vanilla. Mix well, add remaining ingredients. Bake at 350° in a greased jelly roll pan, 15 x 10-inch. Bake 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Oreo Cookie-Walnut Pudding instructions: Prepare puddings according to package directions. Fold in cool whip until well blended. Fold in cookies and walnuts. Sprinkle crushed oreos over top. Make approximately 12 servings.
title: Festive Corn Relish instructions: Heat sugar, salt, celery seed, mustard seed, vinegar and red pepper sauce to boiling; boil 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in corn (with liquid) and remaining ingredients. Cool. Cover. Refrigerate several days to blend flavors.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook, drain and cool broccoli. After broccoli has cooled, mix with sour cream, soup mix and 3/4 cup of the cheese. Mix well in small casserole dish. Add rest of the cheese on top. Cover and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Key Lime Pie instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees. In medium bowl combine milk, juices, peel and food color, mix until well blended. Do not over mix. Pour into crust and bake 5 minutes. Top with cool whip.
title: Red Hot Dogs instructions: Slice onions in a large saucepan. Stir together vinegar, hot sauce, sugar, chili powder and salt. Add franks and onions; bring to a boil. Boil 3 minutes. Cover and refrigerate 2 to 3 days before serving. Makes about 64.
title: Lunchbox Brownies instructions: Melt butter and shortening in large saucepan over low heat. Stir in cocoa. Combine flour, baking powder and salt; stir in chocolate mixture. Add nuts and mix well. Spread in well-greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Spread frosting while brownies are still warm.
title: Chocolate Caramel Candy instructions: Combine in a small saucepan; stir over low heat until melted and smooth. Spread onto the bottom of a lightly greased 9 x 13 x 2 inch pan. Refrigerate until set.
title: Banana Cake instructions: Mix together sugar and margarine; add the egg. Add milk and vanilla. Stir in the mashed bananas. Finally, add the dry ingredients. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch cake pan. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Apricot Jello Dessert instructions: Combine jello powder, crushed pineapple and water in large saucepan. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Combine cream cheese with about 1 cup of mixture; slowly beat with electric beater. Add to rest of cooked jello mixture. Let stand in refrigerator until slightly jelled, 1 to 2 hours. Fold in Cool Whip. Sprinkle with nuts. Refrigerate in a 9 x 13-inch pan for 2 hours.
title: Apricot Bars instructions: Beat brown sugar, butter, egg and vanilla until smooth. Add in nuts and flour. Pour half the batter in 9-inch square pan. Spread 1/2 the jam. Pour in rest of batter. Cover with remaining jam. Bake at 325° about 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool. Cut into squares.
title: Beef Stroganoff instructions: Melt shortening in skillet. Cook beef and onion. Drain off fat. Stir in tomatoes and tomato sauce, adding salt, sugar and garlic (if desired). Simmer 10 minutes. Meanwhile, cook noodles; drain well. While hot, using a fork, blend in sour cream and cream cheese (which you have cut into cubes).
title: Ambrosia Salad instructions: Combine fruits, marshmallows and coconut. Mix all together with Cool Whip. Refrigerate several hours or overnight.
title: Ambrosia Cookies instructions: Cream butter, add sugar; beat at medium speed.	Add eggs one at	a time. Combine flour, oats, baking powder, soda and salt. Add flour mixture and all remaining ingredients to sugar mixture except for cherries. Spoon rounded teaspoonfuls of batter 2 inches apart on lightly greased cookie sheet. Press cherry half in top of each. Bake at 350° for 14 to 16 minutes on lightly greased cookie sheet for 10 minutes.
title: Pumpkin Pie Cake instructions: Mix the first eight ingredients and pour into greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Sprinkle cake mix over top of mixture. Sprinkle pecans or walnuts over cake mixture, then pour melted margarine or butter over entire mixture. Baked 1 1/2 hours at 325°.
title: My Mom'S Old Fashioned Indian Bread instructions: Mix flour, baking powder and salt. Add shortening; mix well. Add water (enough to make a dough). Drop by teaspoonfuls into hot oil and fry until golden brown. Drain well. Serve with butter.
title: Cottage Cheese Salad instructions: Mix together cottage cheese and Jell-O (powder form), then mix fruit and Cool Whip in. Refrigerate.
title: Chocaroon Pudding Cake instructions: Beat egg whites with salt until foamy. Gradually beat in sugar. Continue beating until mixture forms stiff peaks. Blend in flour and coconut; set aside. Combine remaining ingredients in large mixer bowl. Blend. Beat at medium speed 4 minutes.
title: Bacon Bombs(Appetizer)   instructions: Roll the Wonder Bread with a rolling pin until thin, then cut crust off of bread. Spread Cheese Whiz on bread, then cut in 3 strips lengthwise. Roll one water chestnut (possibly 1/2 depending on size) in strip of bread. Cut bacon in half, then roll bacon strips around bread. Stick a toothpick in to hold together. Put cooling rack on top of cookie sheet, place bacon bombs on cooling rack. Preheat Oven to 375. Cook Bacon Bombs for approx 20 min. or until bacon looks crispy.
title: Seafood Casserole instructions: Saute celery and onions in frying pan until tender. In a large pan, melt butter and slowly add flour. Add milk. When milk becomes warm, but not boiling, add cheese and stir until melted. Add celery, onions and all fish. Bake 325° for 45 minutes. Serves 8 - 10 people.
title: Cheese Pie instructions: Line a deep dish or pie pan with pastry shell. Beat eggs, add sugar and continue beating until light. Add salt, lemon juice and rind, cream, cottage cheese and flour; beat thoroughly and strain through a fine sieve. Pour into pastry shell. Cut 1/2 pie crust into tiny pieces. Sprinkle it and nutmeats on top and bake at 350° for about 1 hour or until center is firm. Let stand about 1 hour or until completely cooled.
title: Cole Slaw instructions: Mix and let stand overnight.
title: Raisin Nut Squares instructions: Cook raisins with water for 15 minutes. Drain raisins but save 1 cup liquid. Usually at the end of 15 minutes you have 1 cup liquid, so it is just right to add 1/2 cup shortening to this. Then wait until it cools.
title: Old Fashion Butter Roll instructions: Use 1 package of ready made pie dough. Let set until room temperature. Spread both pieces with 1 1/2 sticks butter, using equal amounts of cinnamon, nutmeg and 1 cup sugar. Roll up dough like a jelly roll. Lay in oblong baking dish or pan.
title: Sugar-Free Pumpkin Pie instructions: Combine the sweetener and spices. Stir in the pumpkin, add vanilla, evaporated milk, orange rind and egg. Beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Pour into pie crust and bake at 450° for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven to 325° and bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, approximately 45 minutes. Yields 8 servings.
title: Cheddar Spinach Quiche instructions: Drain spinach well on absorbent paper. Toss cheese with flour. Add spinach, milk, eggs, bacon and seasonings. Mix well. Pour into pastry shell. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Garnish with additional bacon if desired. Yields 6 servings.
title: The Pottery Cornish Game Hen instructions: Season hens with salt and pepper. In saucepan, boil wine until alcohol is vaporized. Add other ingredients and thicken with cornstarch to desired thickness. Bake hens 1/2 hour at 400°. Baste hens with sauce to prevent drying out. Serve hens with sauce. Serves 2.
title: Potato Cakes instructions: Mix well; shape into patties. Fry until brown on one side, then turn.
title: Broccoli Topped Tuna Bake instructions: Prepare macaroni according to package directions. Drain. Reserve 1/2 cup Cheez Whiz cheese spread. In large bowl, combine Campbell's soup, milk and remaining process cheese spread. Stir in macaroni, tuna and pepper. Pour into 2-quart casserole dish. Bake in 375° oven for 25 minutes. Stir. Arrange broccoli in spoke fashion on top of macaroni mixture. Top with reserved process cheese spread. Bake for 5 minutes or until hot. Makes 8 servings.
title: 5 Gallons Of Ice Cream instructions: Combine sugar, flour and salt. Then add condensed milk, beaten eggs and vanilla. Add skimmed milk just before freezing. Use freezing directions for your freezer.
title: Special Chocolate Cake instructions: Mix German chocolate cake mix as directed on box and bake in 9-inch x 13-inch pan. Cool completely. Punch holes in top of cake. Pour 1 can condensed milk over cake. Pour 1 can cream of coconut over cake. Ice with small Cool Whip. Crush Butterfingers and sprinkle on top. Refrigerate.
title: West African Groundnut Stew instructions: In large heavy kettle, heat oil; add meat. When meat is browned, add onion, garlic, nutmeg, chili powder, sliced onion, tomato paste, water and red pepper. Simmer until meat is tender. A half hour before serving, heat peanut butter and oil in small saucepan. Stir over medium heat 5 minutes. Add beef stew and simmer over low heat 20 minutes. Serve over rice.
title: Pork Chops And Rice Casserole instructions: Brown pork chops in hot skillet. In casserole dish, add rice, pork chops, orange juice and broth. Cover; bake at 350° for 50 to 60 minutes, or until the moisture is absorbed. Uncover; bake 10 minutes more.
title: Spinach Souffle instructions: Saute zucchini, onion and mushrooms in oil. In a bowl, mix Ricotta and eggs, one at a time. Add sauteed vegetables and 1/2 cup of Mozzarella to egg mixture. Then add spinach, salt and pepper. Place in an 8-inch spring-form pan, lightly oiled. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until lightly browned.
title: Ham Loaf Supreme instructions: Mix ham and beef well. Add cracker crumbs, milk and eggs; mix well. Make into a loaf. Bake at 325° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Quick Zucchini Cake instructions: In a mixing bowl, heat cake mix, eggs, oil, vanilla and cinnamon for 6 to 7 minutes. Fold in zucchini, raisins and nuts. Spoon into a greased and floured 10-inch fluted tube pan. Bake at 350° for 40 to 50 minutes or until done. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar, if you like.
title: Raspberry-Green Tomato Jam instructions: Boil tomato pulp and sugar for 5 minutes. Add jello. Put in jar and let set.
title: Moist Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Sift together in a large bowl the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon. Then add oats, raisins or dates and nuts. Mix and add the oil, applesauce, eggs, milk and vanilla.
title: Chicken And Dressing instructions: Mix in a large bowl the bread, broth (add to desired consistency), seasoning and soup. Microwave onion and celery with margarine for 4 minutes. Add to broth mixture. Bake in a 400° oven until brown, about 35 to 40 minutes. Mix chicken in dressing or place on top. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Georgia'S Tomato Soup instructions: Heat juice and mix in cornstarch, salt and sugar. Cook chopped onions and pepper in butter 2 to 3 minutes. Pour into juice. Bring to a boil and can. A little hot pepper may be added if desired.
title: Spinach Cream Cheese Sandwich Mix instructions: Squeeze spinach very dry. Let cream cheese become very soft. Mix all ingredients and let stand overnight in the refrigerator. (Can use lite cream cheese and lite sour cream, but not lite mayonnaise.) Spread on bread for either 1 or 2 slice sandwiches. Makes 12 to 15 sandwiches.
title: Tortellini Main Dish Salad instructions: Prepare tortellini according to pkg directions. Combine vegetable stock, garlic, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, pepper and parsley in a medium heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce to simmer and cook about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in remaining ingredients. Toss with the cooked pasta. Stir in a few copped sun-dried tomatoes if desired. Serve hot as a main dish or side dish. Serve cold as a main dish or light salad.
title: Pineapple Apple Beachcomber instructions: Combine juices and ginger ale. Pour over ice.
title: Surprise-Filled Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 300°. Combine flour and baking powder. Mix well and set aside. With an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar. Add egg and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Add flour mixture and blend thoroughly at low speed. Dough will be firm. Roll dough into 1-inch balls and place on ungreased baking sheet, 1-inch apart. With a small round object, make an indention in the center of each cookie. Place 1/2 teaspoon of jam into center of ball. Bake for 22 to 24 minutes or until golden brown. Transfer to a cool flat surface.
title: Dressed Mini Oyster Po'Boys instructions: Combine cornmeal and 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning. Dredge oysters in cornmeal mixture. Pour oil to a depth of 1-inch into a Dutch oven; heat to 375°. Fry oysters, in 3 batches, 3 to 4 minutes or until golden. Drain oysters on paper towels. Stir together 1/2 cup mayonnaise, vinegar and mustard. Stir in the cabbage and set slaw aside. Stir together the remaining mayonnaise, ketchup and next 3 ingredients in a small bowl. Spread cut sides of French bread rolls with ketchup mixture; place oysters and slaw evenly on bottom halves of each roll. Cover with tops and serve immediately. Garnish, if desired. Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
title: Anadama Bread instructions: Mix 2 1/2 cups flour, salt, cornmeal and undissolved yeast; add margarine. Gradually add water and molasses beating 2 minutes at medium speed on electric mixer. Add 1/2 cup flour or enough to make a thick batter. Beat a high speed for 2 minutes. Stir in enough flour to make a soft dough. Turn out and knead until smooth and elastic (8 to 10 minutes). Place in greased bowl; cover and let rise until doubled (1 hour). Punch down; place in greased pans. Cover and let rise 45 minutes. Bake at 375° for 35 minutes.
title: No Bake Cherry Cheesecake instructions: Mix graham cracker crumbs, margarine and 1/2 cup of the powdered sugar. Press mixture into a 9 x 12-inch pan. Combine and mix the cream cheese, the other half of the powdered sugar, vanilla, pineapple, marshmallows and Cool Whip. Pour mixture over crust. Top with the pie filling. Cool for 3 hours in refrigerator. Delicious!
title: Celery Crunch instructions: Cut up celery. Cook and drain. Put celery in buttered baking dish. Add drained chestnuts. Mix undiluted celery soup, 1/2 cup milk and juice from chestnuts. Pour over celery. Spread cracker crumbs on top and spread melted margarine on top of cracker crumbs. Bake at 350° for 30 or 40 minutes.
title: Foolproof Pie Crust instructions: Mix flour, Crisco, sugar and salt with a pastry blender. Mix water, egg and vinegar and pour over flour mixture. Mix together and make a ball. Chill 30 minutes or up to 3 days in refrigerator. Also can be frozen until ready to use. Makes 5 (9-inch) pie crusts.
title: Oatmeal Fudge instructions: Mix first three ingredients. Mix and boil for 1 minute. Remove from fire. Add oleomargarine and peanut butter; dissolve. Add vanilla, oats and nuts; stir well. Place on wax paper. Should make 20 or 24 pieces.
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Hodgepodge Pickles instructions: Put all in large pan with 5 cups sugar and 1 cup vinegar. Stir well and let it come to a boil. Then thicken with 5 heaping tablespoonfuls flour and 1 cup vinegar. Mix up before adding to pan. Stir in; let it come to a boil. Now put in jars and seal.
title: Spicy Pineapple Zucchini Bread instructions: Beat together until thick and creamy eggs, oil, sugar and vanilla. Stir in zucchini and pineapple. Combine flour and next 7 ingredients. Stir gently until just blended. Bake in two greased pans at 350° for 60 minutes. Cool 10 minutes and turn onto rack.
title: Rice Krispies Chicken instructions: Line cookie sheet with foil. Dry chicken pieces and dip into seasoned oleo. Roll in crumbs until well coated. Place in pan, skin side up. Do not crowd it. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Do not cover or turn pieces while cooking.
title: Rotelle Salad(A Pasta Salad)   instructions: Mix olive oil, lemon juice, garlic and parsley and set aside. Cook Rotelle as directed on package, adding broccoli during last 5 minutes of cooking. Drain and rinse in cold water to stop cooking process. Toss Rotelle-broccoli with olive oil dressing until well coated. Add tomatoes, green onions and cheese and toss again. Add salt and pepper to taste. Ripe olives can be added, if desired. Serves 11.
title: Andrea'S Vegetable Creamed Soups instructions: Saute all except the broccoli. Add the broccoli after all have been sauteed; add 1/8 teaspoon thyme, basil, salt and pepper to taste. Add 6 cups water and cook uncovered until tender. Add 1 chicken bouillon while simmering. Cool. Put in blender and puree. Return to low heat and serve. Croutons on top should be great.
title: Cornish Hens With Wild Rice Casserole instructions: Split hens (salt, pepper and paprika). Brown onion in butter and add hens. Brown hens and add brandy and simmer until done. Remove hens. Add cornstarch to thicken and sour cream. Heat; do not boil.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Cover and cook the squash in small amount of water until tender (8 to 10 minutes); drain. Add pan sausage (drained), bread crumbs, green peppers, onions, cheese, eggs, milk and salt to cooked squash. Bake in greased casserole dish at 325° for 30 to 35 minutes. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Cinnamon Apple Cider instructions: Melt candy, stirring occasionally in microwave-safe dish. After it turns into a liquid, mix into apple cider and heat.
title: Lime Pickles instructions: Let set overnight. Boil together 35 minutes. Add some green food coloring in juice. Put into jars and seal.
title: Savory Sausage Casserole instructions: Break apart the sausage; brown it in an ungreased skillet, pouring off any excess fat as it accumulates. Remove from the burner. Mix together the sausage, rice, soup, onion and celery; place in a 2-quart casserole. Refrigerate. When ready to bake, mix soy sauce with water and add this, with the almonds, to the casserole. Mix all gently. Cover; bake at 350° for 1 hour. Serves 6.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Grease a 9 x 5-inch loaf pan. Combine sugar, oil and egg. Beat until light and fluffy. Blend in pumpkin. Combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves. Add to pumpkin mixture. Beat until smooth.
title: Molten Chocolate Lava Cake(Petite Gateau)   instructions: Butter and flour 4 custard cups. Preheat oven to 450F. Melt butter and chocolate. Do NOT let it boil. Remove from heat and set aside. Beat together the 2 eggs plus 2 yolks and the sugar, until it's light and thick. Pour the now tepid chocolate mixture into the egg mixture, and beat to mix. Quickly beat in the flour until just mixed in. Pour into the custard cups. (At this point you can refrigerate for up to 24 hours. If you refrigerate, let return to room temp before you bake.) Put custard cups on a baking sheet and bake at 450 degrees for 6-7 minutes. The outside will be set up, but the top may still be slightly wiggly (technical French cooking term). Invert on plate, let sit for 10 seconds or so, remove custard cup. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, and surround with a fruit sauce of you're choice.
title: Glazed Carrots instructions: Peel carrots and cut into 3-inch strips. Place in a large skillet. Add water and butter. Cover and cook until tender-crisp, about 5 to 10 minutes, adding more water if necessary. When carrots are tender, liquid should be nearly gone. Gently stir in the cinnamon, honey and lemon juice. Simmer for a few minutes. Add walnuts, if desired and heat for 1 minute longer.
title: Pickled Fish instructions: Mix all of the ingredients together. Cut fish into small pieces. Put in very salty water; soak for 48 hours, then drain. Put fish in clear white vinegar. Pour brine over fish. Boil 5 minutes and cool. Store in refrigerator in glass jars.
title: Chicken Easy instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Prepare stuffing according to package directions. Wash the chicken, pat dry and pound out to about a 1/2 inch thickness. Place a slice of cheese on each breast, followed by a scoop of prepared stuffing. Close each breast over the cheese and stuffing and hold with a toothpick. Place stuffed breasts in a lightly greased 9 x 13 inch baking dish. Bake for 25 minutes, or until chicken juices run clear, then place a second slice of cheese over each stuffed chicken, and bake for 2 more minutes, or until cheese is bubbly.
title: Stuffed Mushrooms instructions: Mix grated cheese with butter. Add dry soup mix. Add garlic salt to taste. Add enough of liquid ingredients to hold together. Add crushed Fritos. This should be in paste form. Stuff washed mushrooms. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes or until mushrooms turn dark and butter runs out.
title: Punch With Lime Sherbet instructions: Dissolve jello in 1 1/2 cups water; add to juices. Add 1 quart ginger ale at serving time along with 1/2 gallon sherbet.
title: Southwestern Spinach instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cook spinach according to package directions; drain, reserving liquid. Add enough water or milk to make 1 cup of liquid; set aside. Saute onion and celery in margarine until soft. Blend in flour and cook at least 1 minute, stirring. Add liquid slowly, stirring constantly to avoid lumps. Pour this mixture onto the drained spinach. Add remaining ingredients. Mix thoroughly. Pour into greased baking dish. Bake 20 minutes in oven or place in microwave for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Hot Fudge Sundaes instructions: Note: Mix and bake in same pan.
title: Pepper Steak instructions: Cut beef into narrow strips; brown slowly in oil 15 to 20 minutes. Add onion, garlic, salt and pepper. Stir, cooking 1 to 2 minutes longer. Dissolve bouillon cube in the hot water. Add to meat; cover skillet and simmer 20 to 30 minutes. Add tomatoes and green pepper; cook 10 minutes longer. Uncover skillet and combine cornstarch, water and soy sauce. Mix and bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer 5 minutes or until thick and clear, stirring constantly. Serve over hot rice. Add extra soy sauce, if desired.
title: Broccoli Salad instructions: Mix the first 4 ingredients together. In a bowl, mix together the remaining ingredients and pour over salad. Chill overnight.
title: Lemon Bars instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients and pat in 9 x 13-inch cake pan; bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Combine eggs, flour, sugar and lemon juice and pour on top of crust. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar while hot.
title: Applesauce Beef Loaf instructions: Blend thoroughly. Shape into a round loaf in an 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan. With a spoon, make a crater like depression in top of loaf. Combine applesauce, brown sugar, vinegar and mustard; pour into depression. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Serves 4 or 5.
title: Hot Curried Fruits instructions: Drain all fruits and turn out into 1 1/2-quart casserole and mix together lightly. Blend together the soft butter, brown sugar, curry, cornstarch and lemon peel. Sprinkle over fruit mixture. Let mixture stand for several hours to draw out juices. Bake uncovered about 1 hour at 325°. Spoon some of the juices over fruit several times during baking. Serve while hot. Serves 6.
title: Olive Cheese Balls instructions: Mix first 4 ingredients as for pie crust. Wrap around olives to form a ball. Bake 15 minutes at 400°. Loosen immediately. May be reheated.
title: Egg-Sausage Casserole instructions: Crumble, brown and drain sausage. Combine eggs, milk, mustard, and salt and beat. Stir in bread, cheese and sausage. Pour in 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Cappuccino Coffee Mix instructions: Mix all ingredients. Store in tightly sealed glass jar.
title: Peas Vinaigrette instructions: Put peas in colander. Pour 2 kettles boiling water over them. Drain; combine with other ingredients. Refrigerate. Keeps 2 weeks. Luncheon favorite!
title: Vegetable Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Cover with 1 stack crushed Ritz crackers combined with 1 stick melted margarine. Put on top of mixed ingredients. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Date-Chock Cupcakes instructions: Mix soda and water and pour over dates; let cool. Cream margarine and sugar; add vanilla, egg yolks and cooled dates; mix well. Sift together and add dry ingredients. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Fill muffin pans half full. Sprinkle tops with finely chopped nuts and 4 or 5 chocolate chips. (If miniature muffin tins are used add only 3 chips.) Bake at 350° for 25 minutes or until done. (I use the paper muffin cups to line the tins.)
title: Noodle-Rice Casserole instructions: Melt butter in large skillet. Add spaghetti; cook until golden brown, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in remaining ingredients. Pour into a lightly greased 8-inch square baking dish. Bake uncovered at 350° for 40 to 50 minutes.
title: Apple Dip instructions: Arrange apple slices around plate. Combine cream cheese, sugar, brown sugar and vanilla in a bowl. Mix well. Place in middle of plate.
title: 3 Hour Sunday Rolls instructions: Mix the above 6 ingredients together. Add enough flour to make a thick dough batter. Let set for 1 hour. Make into rolls and let set for 1 or more hours to rise. Grease top of rolls with oleo. Bake at 400° for about 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Slomgolian instructions: Brown ground beef. Saute onion and bell pepper with meat (also mushrooms if fresh). Drain excess grease. Season with garlic salt and black pepper. Add tomato sauce and mushrooms (drained if canned) to skillet. Simmer, covered, about 10 minutes. Add macaroni (slightly undercooked). Cover and simmer about 5 more minutes. Add a little water if it gets too dry during the simmering. This is good leftover.
title: Orange Sherbet Salad instructions: Using juice from the mandarin oranges as part of liquid, dissolve gelatin in the hot water. Add other ingredients and mix well. Chill. Miniature marshmallows may be added to mixture.
title: Creamy Rice Pudding instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Beat eggs; add sugar and beat well. Add milk, cornstarch and flavorings. Mix well. Stir in rice, raisins and nutmeg to taste. Pour in 2-quart baking dish. Sprinkle with additional nutmeg. Set in pan of hot water. Bake for 2 hours, until knife inserted comes out clean. Stir several times while baking to prevent raisins and rice from settling to bottom.
title: Pumpkin Cookies instructions: Combine ingredients and drop by teaspoonfuls on cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Easy Chicken Casserole instructions: Place chicken in dish. Cover with soup (do not dilute). Pour melted butter over top. Bake at 375° for 1 hour or until lightly brown and tender.
title: Gouda Cheese Spread instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Return to the shell of baby Gouda. Serve on bread.
title: Cheezy Broccoli instructions: Combine rice, soup, milk, cheese, salt and pepper. Microwave on High 2 to 4 minutes until cheese melts and can be blended easily. Add onion, celery and broccoli and stir. Divide into 2 lightly greased dishes. Microwave each 12 to 14 minutes on High.
title: Clam Chowder instructions: Cut up fine or grind clams. Dice potatoes. Add onion, salt and pepper to taste. Cook until potatoes are tender. Fry bacon to crisp. Remove bacon and pour essence in pot. Let simmer for about 10 minutes.
title: Chocolate Filled Snowballs instructions: Beat butter, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add sifted flour and nuts; blend well. Chill dough. Shape dough around Hershey Kisses, being sure all is covered. Put on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 10 to 15 minutes until lightly brown. Cool slightly. While warm, roll in powdered sugar twice. Makes 4 to 5 dozen.
title: Glazed Carrots instructions: Steam carrots until barely tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Mix honey and lemon juice together. Heat vegetable oil and butter together in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute carrots 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add brown sugar and cook 3 more minutes. Add honey and lemon juice and cook 3 minutes more, until carrots are glazed. Sprinkle with parsley just before serving. Makes 6 servings.
title: Spicy Orange Beef Kabobs(Makes 4 Servings)   instructions: Cut beef steak into 1-inch pieces. Alternately thread pieces of beef, onion and bell pepper on each of four 12-inch skewers. Heat steak sauce, orange juice concentrate, brown sugar and crushed red pepper, stirring to blend. Grill kabobs over medium heat for 9 to 11 minutes, brushing with sauce and turning occasionally. Serve on rice.
title: Chicken Curry(Recipe From India)   instructions: Brown onion and celery in butter. Add flour and blend. Add chicken broth; cook until thick, stirring constantly. Add tomato juice, Worcestershire sauce, seasonings and chicken. Heat thoroughly. Serve over the cooked rice. Serves 8.
title: Sundae Dessert instructions: In a large punch bowl, layer in this order: 1/2 of cake on bottom, pudding with bananas, cherry pie filling, pineapple and Cool Whip. Repeat layers, then top with nuts and cherries. Refrigerate. Enjoy!
title: Appleless Pie instructions: Mix water, sugar and cream of tartar and bring to rolling boil. Drop in crackers and boil for 1 minute. Do not stir. Remove from stove and add butter. Cool and pour into pie shell. Sprinkle cinnamon and strip pie with dough. Bake 15 minutes at 425°.
title: Friendship Tea instructions: Beat one egg; lay a slice of American cheese over it and put into microwave for two minutes. Put on toast. This makes an easy breakfast sandwich that your kids will eat.
title: Peanut Butter Fudge instructions: Cook sugar and milk to a soft ball. Beat in peanut butter, Marshmallow Creme, vanilla and oleo. Put in a greased pan.
title: Taco Salad instructions: Put the lettuce, pepper, cucumber, tomato, onion, avocado, cilantro (if using) and olives (if using) in a large salad bowl. Stir together the 2/3 cup of salsa and the Ranch dressing; pour it over the salad and toss. Divide the salad between the serving plates and top each one with the taco filling and shredded cheese. Put the salsa and sour cream on the table, so folks can add their own. Yield: 6 servings.
title: Macadamia White Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Mix butter, sugars, egg and vanilla thoroughly. Stir dry ingredients together and blend into creamed mixture. Add corn syrup, mixing well. Cut Macadamia nuts in half, then stir nuts and chocolate chunks into batter. Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls about 4 inches apart, placing 3 cookies across, on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake in 375° oven for 9 to 12 minutes. Makes 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 dozen cookies.
title: Coconut Cream Pie instructions: In saucepan, combine sugar, flour and salt. Gradually stir in milk. Cook and stir mixture until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat, cook and stir 2 minutes more. Remove from heat.
title: Christmas Hard Candy instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup and water. Cook on medium heat until candy thermometer reads 300° (hard-crack stage), stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. Stir in oil and food coloring. Pour onto a greased cookie sheet. Cool. Break into pieces.
title: Carrot Casserole instructions: Cook carrots until done; drain. Place all ingredients in blender or food processor and incorporate all together. Spray 9 x 13-inch baking dish and bake casserole until set and lightly brown at 350° (approximately 45 minutes). Sprinkle with sugar.
title: Eyam Tea Room'S Scones instructions: *If not self-rising flour, add 2 teaspoons baking powder.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Combine jello, sugar, cornstarch, salt and red food coloring. Add boiling water; cook until thick. Place strawberries in pie shell. Pour filling over berries. Cool. Top with whipped cream.
title: White Chocolate Chex Mix instructions: In a large bowl, mix all ingredients together. Other ingredients, such as dry cereals, candies or marshmallows can also be added. Make this mix as a family and eat while discussing each ingredient and how it relates to Thanksgiving.
title: Porcupine Meat Balls instructions: Mix hamburg, rice and egg together, then roll into meat balls. Put tomato soup, gravy and meatballs in kettle. Cover and cook slowly about 45 minutes or until meatballs are done.
title: Lemon Cream Cheese Cake instructions: Mix cream cheese and margarine good. Add sugar slowly. Add eggs, one	at a time. Beat well after each. Add flavoring. Bake for 1 1/2 hours at 325°.
title: Raisin Pie instructions: In saucepan, stir in sugar and flour. Add water and mix well. Stir in raisins, salt and cinnamon; cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly. Cook and stir 1 minute more. Remove from heat; stir in butter. Pour into pastry lined pie plate. Top with lattice crust. Bake at 375° for about 45 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Chicken Creole instructions: Heat vegetable oil in a heavy skillet until hot. Stir in 1/4 cup flour. Stir constantly until mixture is about the color of a copper penny, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat. Add pepper and onion; cook until tender (about 10 minutes), stirring constantly. Add chicken, tomatoes, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, garlic, soy sauce, sugar, pepper, salt and hot sauce. Cover and simmer about 20 minutes. Serve over rice.
title: Macaroni-Cabbage Salad instructions: Cook and drain macaroni. Combine the next 4 ingredients, mixing well. Mix remaining ingredients; blend well. Pour over macaroni. Mix; toss and chill 1 hour before serving.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix together the eggs and oil. Add sugar. Sift together the flour, cinnamon, soda and salt. Add to egg mixture, then add carrots. Bake in three 9-inch cake pans at 350° for 30 to 40 minute or until done. Ice with cream cheese icing. Serves 16.
title: Sweet And Sour Franks instructions: Mix mustard and jelly. Place in double boiler. Diagonally slice franks 1/2-inch thick. Add to sauce and cook. Refrigerate or freeze. When ready to serve, place in chafing dish and heat. Serve with cocktail picks.
title: Pickled Beets instructions: Boil beets, leaving 4-inch tops. When tender, place in hot jars (can also slice). Boil water, vinegar and sugar. Pour over beets. Seal.
title: Deer Fingers instructions: Soak deer in salt water, then marinate in enough buttermilk to cover, plus 2 eggs. Soak overnight, if possible. Combine remaining ingredients, dip deer fingers in batter and fry quick in oil. Drain and serve. Delicious served with brown rice.
title: Creamy Cheesecake Recipe instructions: Blend all ingredients in a bowl with a fork or pastry blender. Use back of large spoon to press firmly inside spring-form pan. Bake at 375° for 8 minutes, or chill in refrigerator for 30 minutes.
title: Barbecued Lima Beans instructions: Sort and wash beans; cook until tender. Fry bacon until crispy; take bacon out of pan. Cook onions and peppers in bacon grease until tender. Crumble bacon. Mix all ingredients. Pour in baking dish and bake for 30 minutes.
title: Steak Diane instructions: Combine margarine and Worcestershire sauce in a large nonstick skillet; place over medium heat until hot. Add mushrooms and onion; saute until tender. Place steaks between 2 sheets of heavy-duty plastic wrap; flatten to 1/4-inch thickness, using a meat mallet or rolling pin. Spread 1 1/2 teaspoons mustard on one side of each steak. Move mushroom mixture to one side of skillet. Add steaks, mustard side down. Cook steaks 3 to 4 minutes over medium heat. Stir mushroom mixture occasionally. Spread 1 1/2 teaspoons mustard on top side of each steak; turn and cook 3 to 4 minutes on second side of steak or to desired degree of doneness.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Mix soup and water. Blend with hash browns, butter, sour cream, onions and Cheddar cheese in large bowl with salt and pepper. Top with crushed cornflakes. Bake in 9 x 13-inch baking dish for 1 1/4 hours at 350°, uncovered.
title: Coconut Pound Cake instructions: Cream sugar, oleo and shortening. Add eggs. Sift flour and baking powder together and add alternately with milk. Then add the coconut. Bake in angel cake pan at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Chocolate Fudge Easter Eggs instructions: Melt butter. Add marshmallows and chips. Stir until all ingredients are melted. Remove from heat and add rice cereal, dates and nuts.
title: Broccoli Corn Bread instructions: Mix together. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes.
title: Spider Christmas Cookies instructions: Melt chocolate and butterscotch morsels in a double boiler until liquid. Gently fold in noodles and cashews. Drop by the spoonful onto cookie sheet lined with waxed paper. Refrigerate until solid. Store in airtight container in refrigerator.
title: Broccoli instructions: Cook broccoli and drain well. Melt 1 stick of margarine and the Velveeta and mix with broccoli. Put in casserole and top with the Ritz crackers (crumbled) and mixed with 1 stick of margarine. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Chocolate Mocha-Dot Cake instructions: Sift together all dry ingredients. Add shortening, 1/2 cup of buttermilk and coffee. Beat for 2 minutes until well blended and glossy. Add 1/3 cup of buttermilk or sour milk, 2 eggs and 1 teaspoon of vanilla. Beat for 2 minutes until smooth. Pour into 2 lightly greased and floured 8-inch layer cake pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes at 350°. Cool. Ice with Commercial Icing recipe from this book. Cover top with chocolate chips. Serve cold.
title: Cheese Balls instructions: Mix everything except 1 cup of nuts. Chill overnight. Add other cup of nuts and shape into balls. Makes 3 balls.
title: Glazed Almonds instructions: Combine almonds, sugar and butter or margarine in heavy skillet. Cook over medium heat stirring constantly, until almonds are toasted and sugar is golden brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in vanilla. Spread nuts on aluminum foil; sprinkle lightly with salt. Cool; then break into 2 or 3 nut clusters with forks.
title: Favorite Meat Loaf instructions: Combine all ingredients, except catsup and corn syrup. Shape mixture into a loaf in baking dish. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Low-Fat Moussaka instructions: Preheat oven to 450°. Combine bread crumbs and salt. Coat eggplant. Spray with nonstick vegetable spray. Place on baking sheet. Bake 15 minutes until eggplant soft and crumbs slightly brown. Set aside. Save leftover crumbs.
title: Buttermilk Biscuits instructions: Sift together the flour, salt, baking powder, sugar and baking soda. Cut in the lard. Add the buttermilk. Mix until blended. Cut into biscuits and place on ungreased baking sheet.
title: Peanut Cluster Candy instructions: Combine morsels in a 2-quart microwave casserole dish. Cook at a Medium level for 5 to 6 minutes, until melted. Stir in peanuts. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto sheets of waxed paper. Allow ample time to cool, usually overnight.
title: Tea Room Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Mix first 4 ingredients well. Fold in Cool Whip. Put 1/4 of the mixture in each of the pie shells. Drizzle with caramel sauce. Put remainder of mixture into pie shells. Cover and freeze until ready to serve. Drizzle with caramel sauce and top with chopped nuts. Makes 2 pies.
title: Garlic Cheese Roll instructions: Soften cream cheese and mix all 3 cheeses together well. Shape into a ball or 2 logs. Roll in crushed pecans. Wrap in waxed paper to shape and refrigerate overnight.
title: Fiesta Hot Dogs instructions: Brown hot dogs and onion in oil. Add tomato sauce, corn, beans, water, chili powder, macaroni and salt. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until macaroni is tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Add green pepper strips last 5 minutes, if desired. Serves 4 to 6.
title: 6-Cup Salad("Quik-N-Ez")   instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Mix well. Chill as long as possible or overnight. Serves 6.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Warm potatoes; drain juice. Cream butter, eggs and sugar. Add milk and spices. Mash potatoes and add to the creamed mixture. Cook 15 to 20 minutes at 400°.
title: Bread Machine Oatmeal Bread instructions: In bread machine pan, place ingredients in order given. Select "white bread" setting. Bake according to bread machine directions. Makes 1 large loaf (16 slices).
title: Speedy Chili instructions: Combine beef, onion and garlic in Dutch oven; cook until beef is browned, stirring to crumble. Drain off drippings. Add remaining ingredients; cover, reduce heat and simmer 30 minuets, stirring occasionally. Yields about 4 cups.
title: Mac And Cheese instructions: Do not mix. Pour 4 cups milk and beaten egg over top. Do not mix. Bake 1 hour at 350°.
title: Banana Pudding Cake instructions: Slice bananas into large mixing bowl. Beat until well mashed. Add remaining ingredients. Blend. Beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour into 10-inch well-greased and floured tube or Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 60 to 70 minutes. Cool in pan at least 15 minutes. Remove from pan. Finish cooling on rack. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar, if desired. (May be baked in 9 x 13-inch pan for 50 to 55 minutes.)
title: Oven Baked Chicken Or Pork Chops instructions: Dip meat in 1 stick of melted butter and salt and pepper. Roll meat in dry onion soup mix. Cover disk with foil. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour.
title: Broccoli Salad instructions: Chop broccoli, spring onions, olives and boiled eggs. Mix, season to taste; add mayo. Chill in refrigerator at least 2 or 3 hours or overnight. You could wait and add eggs next day.
title: Corned Beef Dip instructions: Blend all ingredients with mixer and refrigerate overnight. Hollow out bread and fill with mixture. Use bread pieces for dippers.
title: Rita'S Refrigerated Rolls instructions: Place first 4 ingredients in mixing bowl; mix and let dissolve and cool. Dissolve dry yeast in 1/4 cup lukewarm water and add to first mixture after it has cooled. Stir in egg and flour. (No kneading.) Cover with a cloth or Saran Wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.
title: Black Walnut Cake instructions: Sift flour, measure and sift again with salt and soda. Cream shortening and sugar, add eggs one at a time, bearing well after each addition. Add dates, nuts, orange peel and vanilla. Add sifted dry ingredients to creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk. Then into well-greased loaf pan. Bake for 1 1/2 hours at 300°. When baked, pour orange topping mixture over cake and allow to age for at least 24 hours.
title: Seafood Pasta Salad instructions: Mix Miracle Whip, Italian dressing and cheese until well blended. Stir in other ingredients. Refrigerate overnight.
title: Instant Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water and set aside. Cut in Crisco shortening to flour, soda and sugar. Add buttermilk and yeast; mix well. Place desired amount of dough on floured pastry sheet. Roll out and cut. Let warm to room temperature before baking in a 350° oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Store dough in refrigerator and use as needed. Keeps for several weeks. May be taken from refrigerator and placed immediately in oven without being allowed to rise.
title: Hamburger And Mashed Potatoes instructions: Fry 2 pounds of hamburger with chopped onions, salt and pepper to taste. Drain off grease. Mix 3 cups of cold water and 3 packages of gravy mix in a container, and stir well. Add the water and gravy mix to the hamburger, cover, and bring to a low boil. Turn down to simmer, and simmer for 10 - 15 minutes, stirring frequently. If gravy is too thick, add water. While this is cooking, make your mashed potatoes. Dish the hamburger and gravy together, and the mashed potatoes separately. Let everyone serve themselves.	Place on table and let everyone serve themselves individual helpings of potatoes, and top with hamburger and gravy mix.
title: Buttermilk Pie instructions: Mix well eggs, sugar and buttermilk. Add flour and mix well. Add pecans and coconut. Pour into 2 (9-inch) pie shells. Bake at 350° about 50 minutes or until done.
title: Cheese-Burger Casserole instructions: In skillet, brown ground beef with onions and green pepper. Drain fat. Add tomato sauce, catsup and pepper; heat. Alternate meat mixture and cheese in an ungreased 1 1/2-quart casserole. Arrange biscuits around edge of casserole. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes.
title: Pasta Primavera Salad instructions: Mix pasta and vegetables in large bowl. In separate bowl, mix dressing, parsley, dill and seasoned salt to taste. Pour over vegetables and mix well. Refrigerate several hours before serving. Serves 8.
title: Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add the egg, milk and flavoring. Sift flour. Mix baking powder with 2 cups flour. Combine mixtures and add the rest of the flour. Chill. Roll on floured board 1/4-inch thick. Cut into shapes. Sprinkle with sugar. Bake at 375° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Peppermint Candy instructions: Crush mint and melt white chocolate with oil. Dip out with spoon on wax paper. Refrigerate. Melt almond bark and dip mints. Let cool.
title: Cranberry Meatballs instructions: Combine ground beef, soy sauce, onion, eggs, garlic, parsley, cereal crumbs, salt & pepper. Mix well. Shape into balls the size of a large olive. Place meatballs on cookie sheet. Bake in 350 degree oven approximately 5 minutes. BEFORE baking meatballs, combine cranberry sauce, ketchup, chili sauce, brown sugar and lemon juice in crockpot and let mixture be heating on medium heat. AFTER baking meatballs, add to crockpot. Lower heat and cook 1 1/2-2 hours; stir occasionally. Makes 60 meatballs.
title: Baked Pork Chops And Sour Cream instructions: Brown chops in flour, salt and pepper. Then place chops in a shallow baking dish. Mix water, soup, ginger, rosemary and onion rings. Pour over chops; cover with foil and bake for 1 hour or more at 350° until done. Remove chops and mix gravy with sour cream.
title: Almond Bacon Chicken instructions: In a microwave, cook bacon on paper towels on High for 1 to 3 minutes or until partially cooked. Wrap a bacon strip around each chicken breast. Sprinkle with pepper. Arrange in an 8-inch square microwave-safe dish. Cover and microwave on High for 7 minutes. Drain.
title: Herbed Pea Salad instructions: Cook peas; drain. Combine French dressing with dill weed. Pour over peas and celery. Chill several hours or overnight, stirring occasionally. Serve in lettuce. Top with hard egg slice.
title: Country Fried Corn instructions: Cut the corn from the cob and add the milk, salt and pepper. Melt the butter in a large skillet and add the corn mixture and thyme. Cook, stirring, until tender. Makes 8 servings.
title: Corned Beef Casserole instructions: Combine ingredients and pour into 1 1/2-quart greased casserole dish. Top with potato chips and bake at 325° until it bubbles all through. Serves 12.
title: Beef Soup instructions: Brown hamburg or pot roast in heavy 4-quart pot. Add next 6 ingredients. Cook until meat is done. Add carrots, turnips and potatoes. Always keep covered with water.
title: Bean Bake instructions: Brown together the hamburger, bacon and onion. Drain and add all other ingredients. Keep warm and serve hot.
title: Teatime Tassies instructions: Cream the cream cheese and butter together. Add flour; blend to make a smooth dough. Roll dough into 24 balls the size of walnuts; press each in a muffin cup. Place in refrigerator; chill for 1 hour.
title: Traditional Pumpkin Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. In large bowl, combine filling ingredients, mixing well. Pour into pie crust. Bake 15 minutes at 425°. Reduce oven temperature to 350° and continue baking 35 to 40 minutes or until knife inserted near center comes out clean. Cool pie before cutting. Garnish with whipped topping and nuts, if desired. Refrigerate any leftovers.
title: Marinated Carrot Salad instructions: Cook carrots 6-8 minutes and let cool completely. Combine all ingredients and let marinate overnight in refrigerator.
title: Raspberry Angel Dessert instructions: Slice cake in 3 layers. Prepare filling by mixing sugar, flour and 1/2 teaspoon of salt in saucepan. Slowly add milk; mix well. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture is thick and bubbly. Cook 2 minutes more. Stir some of the hot mixture into egg yolks; return to hot mixture. Bring just to boiling, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; add vanilla. Cool. Fold whipped cream into pudding. Reassemble cake, spreading filling between layers and on top. Garnish with raspberries and, if desired, fresh mint leaves.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Melt oleo in dish; saute onions and pepper in melted oleo. Remove from heat. Add corn, rice and pimento; stir. Season to taste. Cover with cheese. Bake at 350° until cheese browns on edges.
title: Shower Punch instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in boiling water; mix Kool-Aid with water and sugar. Stir well. Add pineapple juice and Jell-O. Refrigerate until ready to serve, then mix in 7-Up and sherbet just before serving. Yield: 35 servings.
title: Fruit Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs. Sift flour 3 times with baking powder. Add to butter and egg mixture. Add flavorings, fruits and nuts.
title: Yellow Squash Casserole instructions: Cook squash and onion in water for 5 minutes. Drain. Mix together soup and sour cream. Fold in shredded carrot, squash and onion. Melt margarine in medium saucepan. Stir in stuffing mix. Spread half of stuffing in greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. Pour vegetable mixture over stuffing and top with other half of stuffing. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Let stand about 15 minutes before serving.
title: Spaghetti Chicken Casserole instructions: Boil fryer in seasoned water and save broth. Remove chicken from bone. Cook spaghetti in broth; drain. Grate cheese and add spaghetti. Saute bell pepper and onion in butter and add to spaghetti. Add Ro-Tel tomatoes, peas and chicken. Mix well and pour into a greased casserole dish. Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Peanut Bar instructions: Mix all together in boiler over hot water until it is creamy. Pour in 9 x 13-inch pan and cook 35 minutes at 350°.
title: Fruit Salsa instructions: Peel and dice kiwi; peel, core and dice apples. In a large bowl, thoroughly mix fruits, white sugar, brown sugar, and fruit preserves. Cover and place in refrigerator for at least 15 minutes.
title: Neiman-Marcus White Meat Of Chicken Salad instructions: Mix mayonnaise and vinegar. Combine with remaining ingredients. Spread on choice of bread or garnish with almonds if serving as a stand alone salad. Serves 4 to 6.
title: One Pumpkin Pie instructions: Mix together sugar, salt, flour and spice. Stir in eggs and beat well. Add pumpkin; stir in milk and vanilla. Bake at 450° for 20 minutes, then 350° for 25 minutes more.
title: Rotel Jello Sweet 'N Spicy instructions: Dissolve jello in water; add tomatoes and mold.
title: Cheese And Onion Potatoes instructions: In skillet, melt butter; add potatoes, which have been sliced 1/4-inch thick. Add onion and pepper and toss to coat. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Uncover; cook until potatoes are browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Top with cheese; cover and remove from heat. Let set for several minutes. Sprinkle with parsley before serving. Serves 4.
title: Lorraine'S Stay Crisp Dills instructions: Pack cucumbers, dill, garlic and pepper in gallon jar. Heat brine; pour over cucumbers. Cover and place in refrigerator. Ready to eat in 1 week. Will stay crisp indefinitely.
title: Sugarless Cake instructions: Boil the dates and prunes in 1 cup of water for 3 minutes. Add butter and raisins. Let cool. Mix flour, soda, salt, eggs, nuts, spices and vanilla. Add to fruit mixture. Stir to blend. Pour into baking dish or pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Nutty Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Grease a 12 cup (2 1/2 cups) muffin pan. In medium bowl with fork, mix first six ingredients. In small bowl, with a fork, beat egg slightly and stir in milk and oil. Add egg mixture all at once to flour mixture. With a spoon, stir just	until flour is moistened. (Batter will be lumpy.) Spoon batter into muffin pan cups.	In small bowl combine 2 tablespoons shredded orange peel, 1/2 cup chopped nuts and 1/3 cup sugar.	Sprinkle over muffins.	Bake 25 minutes or until golden and toothpick inserted in center comes out almost clean. Servings for 12.
title: Buster Bar Dessert instructions: Crush cookies; mix with melted butter. Blender works best. Spread evenly in bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan, reserving 1/3 cup crumbs. Spread ice cream on crust. Place in freezer until firm. Spread fudge topping over top of ice cream. Sprinkle nuts on top, then sprinkle remaining cookie crumbs over topping. Cover with foil; keep in freezer. Cut into squares to serve. Can be topped with caramel topping.
title: Baked Cabbage instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Butter a 12 x 8-inch shallow baking dish. Discard outer leaves from cabbage. Wash head and cut into 12 wedges. Put 1 cup water in large skillet. Bring to a boil. Add 1 teaspoon salt and the cabbage. Cook over medium heat, covered, 10 minutes. Drain well. Arrange cabbage in prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with mixture of flour, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Dot with butter. Pour hot milk over cabbage. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake, uncovered, 35 minutes. Makes 8 servings.
title: Lumpia instructions: Brown beef in skillet. Drain excess fat. Stir all veggies into skillet with drained meat. Season with soy sauce, salt and pepper. Simmer for 3 minutes.
title: Pita Bread instructions: Sprinkle yeast and sugar in water; stir to dissolve. Set aside to proof. Measure flour and salt into a large bowl; make a well and stir in yeast mixture. Knead dough until it is smooth. Dough will be sticky at first. Use olive oil on hands to facilitate kneading. A few drops at a time will surface. Knead dough at least 10 minutes, until it is no longer sticky. Grease top of dough; turn dough to coat surface. Cover bowl; set aside 1 hour to rise.
title: Manhattan Clam Chowder instructions: Fry bacon until almost crisp. Add onions and saute until golden. Add carrots and celery and saute a few minutes. Add next 6 ingredients and clam liquid. Simmer, uncovered, 50 minutes. Chop clams and add. Simmer 10 more minutes.
title: Torn Enchiladas instructions: Brown ground beef and add the taco seasoning. At this point, do not add any water. Mix in the cans of soup and the enchilada sauce. You will now need to add enough water to make it soupy. Spoon sauce onto bottom of 9 x 13-inch casserole dish (just enough to cover the bottom).
title: Rocky'S Pinto Beans instructions: Soak beans overnight. Change water before cooking. Makes 6 to 8 (8 ounce) servings.
title: Snow Pie instructions: Cook the mixture in double boiler until thick and creamy. After it has slightly cooled, add stiff egg whites. Beat vigorously. Place in baked pie shell. Top with whip cream.
title: Delicious Baked Beans instructions: Fry bacon. Add peppers and onions; saute. Add all ingredients to beans. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 to 2 hours. This makes a large quantity. Can be made in smaller amounts.
title: Christmas Cookies instructions: Cook oats and add other ingredients. Raise and put in pans as usual. Bake at 325° in oven 4-inches from bottom for 50 minutes. Add raisins, dried fruits or herbs, if wanted.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli, drain. Line in bottom of 13 x 9-inch pan. Place chicken on top of broccoli. Combine mayonnaise, lemon juice and curry; mix well. Pour over chicken. Sprinkle on cheese and crumbs. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Mom'S Cheese Ball instructions: Mix everything together and refrigerate till ready to serve. Serve with various crackers. (My mom usually rolls it into a ball and rolls ground nuts around it. If you do this refrigerate it for a while first so it will be easier to work with)
title: Korean Salad instructions: Combine and add dressing just before serving.
title: Peanut Butter Fudge instructions: Bring the sugar and the milk to a boil until it makes a ball. Add the rest of the ingredients and pour on a plate and let it sit.
title: Pumpkin Pie Cake instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients; mix all dry ingredients together and combine with the pumpkin mixture. Add 1/2 cup coconut and 1/2 cup chopped nuts. Bake for 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Mix ingredients together and pour in deep casserole dish. Bake for 1 hour at 400°.
title: Peanut Butter Squares instructions: Combine first 9 ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Mix well. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Press dough into a lightly greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Remove from oven and sprinkle with chocolate morsels. Let stand until chocolate melts. Spread evenly.
title: Sausage Balls instructions: Mix all ingredients with hands. Make into 1-inch balls. Place on cookie sheet. Freeze for about 5 minutes. Remove from cookie sheet and place in plastic bag to freeze for future use. Bake when needed at 350° for about 25 minutes.
title: Brownie Pie instructions: Cream the margarine with the sugar. Add cocoa and eggs, one at a time; blend. Add flour and mix thoroughly. Pour into a 9-inch greased pie plate. Bake at 325° for 30 to 35 minutes. Do not overbake. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream.
title: Castillian Beef instructions: Drain tomatoes. Keep the juice. Cut up tomatoes. Brown meat in grease. Add garlic and black pepper. Cook until onions are tender. Blend in soup, wine and tomato juice. Cook over low heat 30 minutes. Add green pepper, tomatoes and olives. Cook, uncovered, 15 minutes or until done. Stir occasionally. Serve over rice.
title: Cherry Squares instructions: Cream margarine and sugar; add eggs one at a time. Add vanilla. Gradually add flour. Spread 3/4 of dough on a large cookie sheet. Spread filling over dough. Cover with remaining dough. Marbleize top. Bake at 325° for 35 minutes.
title: Easy Coq Au Vin instructions: Place chicken in covered casserole. Mix liquids and spices and pour over chicken. Bake, covered, for 1 1/2 hours at 350°. Serves 4.
title: Cheese-Corn Chowder instructions: Combine water, potatoes, onion, celery, margarine, basil and bay leaf in a large Dutch oven. Bring to a boil. Then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Stir in corn, milk, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Heat thoroughly. Add cheese and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until cheese is melted. Garnish with parsley. Makes 8 servings.
title: Russian Tea Cakes instructions: Mix butter, sugar and vanilla well. Blend flour and salt. Stir in first mixture. Mix in nuts; chill. Heat oven to 400°. Roll in 1-inch balls. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes. While still warm, roll in confectioners sugar. Cool; roll again. Makes about 4 dozen cookies.
title: Pumpkin Gobs instructions: Cream Crisco and brown sugar. Add eggs, pumpkin and vanilla. Mix together the 7 dry ingredients. Add to creamed mixture. Drop onto cookie sheet. Bake for 10 minutes at 375°.
title: Sausage Appetizer instructions: Brown meat and drain. Add diced Velveeta; stir until melted. Add remaining spices while cheese is melting. Stir. Spread on party rye. Broil until bubbly, 3 to 5 minutes.
title: Jello Jigglers instructions: Mix boiling water and Jell-O and let cool until room temperature. Then add milk and pudding. Put in 9 x 13-inch pan. Refrigerate. Cut into squares.
title: Hamburger Soup instructions: Cook ground beef until brown. Put ground beef, corn, kidney beans, carrots, tomato sauce and onion in baking dish. Salt and pepper to taste. Bake at 350° until potatoes are soft.
title: Round Salmon Loaf(Microwave)   instructions: Beat egg slightly and mix with milk, butter, bread cubes, salt and salmon, blending well. Pack firmly in greased 9-inch pie plate. Cover with wax paper. Microwave on High for 9 to 11 minutes, rotating dish 1/2 turn after 5 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before slicing. Makes 6 to 8 servings. Serve with Dill Butter.
title: Taco Soup instructions: Brown ground beef with onion; drain off grease. Add remaining ingredients; simmer until done or ready to serve. Serve with tortilla chips or cornbread muffins.
title: Potato Soup instructions: Saute vegetables until transparent (not brown!). Pour prepared beef broth over vegetables. Add 1 bay leaf, 2 to 3 grains allspice and salt and pepper to taste. Cook on medium heat until tender (about 0.5 hour). Drain, setting liquid aside. (Remove bay leaf and allspice.) Puree vegetables and combine with liquid until it has consistency of cream (do not need to use all; usually there is more liquid than needed). If you want to freeze, do it now.
title: Chicken Campagnara instructions: Note: Add add a little touch of fresh basil or oregano to taste.
title: Zucchini Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake in greased casserole dish at 350° until golden brown.
title: Italian Beef Stir-Fry instructions: Cut beef steaks crosswise into 1-inch wide strips. Cut each strip crosswise in half. Cook and stir garlic in oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat for 1 minute. Add beef strips (1/2 at a time). Stir-fry 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove with slotted spoon. Keep warm. Add zucchini and stir-fry 2 to 3 minutes or until crisp-tender. Return beef to skillet with tomato halves and dressing. Heat through. Serve over hot pasta. Sprinkle with cheese. Yields 4 servings.
title: Crock-Pot Ribs instructions: Broil ribs on both sides to remove excess fat. Saute onion in butter. Place ribs and onions in crock-pot. Mix all other ingredients together and glaze ribs. Cook at 200° for 8 hours.
title: Crazy Bean Salad instructions: Brown sausage and drain. Slightly cook onion and celery. Combine sausage, onion, celery, sugar, mustard, tomato soup and tomato paste. Mix well; add beans. Bake in slow oven or slow cooker at 300° to 325° for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Scramble instructions: Mix together and bake at 250° for 2 hours, stirring every 15 minutes.
title: Peach Delight instructions: Mix Cool Whip, cream cheese and powdered sugar together. Spread over graham cracker crust. Top with peaches and pour chilled glaze on top.
title: Flannel Cakes(Oatmeal Pancakes)   instructions: Combine buttermilk and oats and let stand 15 minutes. Add remaining ingredients to oat mixture. Grill as for pancakes.
title: Carrot Souffle instructions: Put cooked carrots in mixer, add other ingredients except the confectioner sugar. Pour into a greased casserole dish. Bake at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes. Sprinkle top with 2 to 3 tablespoons confectioner sugar.
title: *Autumn Soup instructions: In a large saucepan, cook and stir meat until brown; drain off fat. Cook and stir onion with meat until onion is tender. Stir in remaining ingredients except tomatoes. Heat to boiling, reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 minutes. Add tomatoes; cover and simmer 10 minutes longer or until vegetables are tender.
title: "All-American" Strawberry Pie instructions: To make glaze: Melt jelly; whisk until smooth. Mix cornstarch and water. Stir into jelly. Bring to boil; cook and stir 4 to 5 minutes until mixture is the consistency of thin jam. Cool to room temperature. Brush inside of each pie shell with 1/4 cup jelly mixture. Gently toss strawberries with remaining jelly mixture to coat. Mound strawberry mixture into pie shells, dividing equally. Turn several strawberries in each pie so that point ends face up. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to 8 hours before serving. Cut each pie into 8 wedges; top each serving with 2 tablespoons whipped cream. Yield: 24 servings (three 9-inch pies).
title: Glazed Ham Hors D'Oeuvres instructions: Divide ham evenly among toast slices. Put on cake rack with jelly-roll pan underneath. Spoon about 2 tablespoons glaze over each sandwich (glaze that runs into pan can be spooned up, melted and reused). Chill until glaze is set, then, with kitchen shears dipped in water, cut each sandwich in 8 triangles. Make 64 triangles, about 12 calories each.
title: Barbecue Beef Sauce instructions: Mix well. Pour over roast. Cook all day in crock-pot until beef is tender. Slice or pull apart with fork for sandwiches.
title: Onion Bake instructions: Place the following in tinfoil: whole onions, peeled and sliced and potatoes in wedges. Cover with bacon slices; close tinfoil and bake at 350° for 1 hour. Uncover foil and melt sliced cheese on top.
title: Seafood Dip instructions: Mix ingredients together. Put along with bar of cream cheese and layer cheese and sauce on Triscuits or chips.
title: Boerenkool instructions: In Dutch oven or large kettle, bring to boil the potatoes, cabbage, water and salt to taste. Cover and simmer 20 minutes or until tender. Drain off water. Add milk, butter, sausage and pepper to taste. Cover and simmer gently about 15 minutes or until sausage is heated through. Spoon potatoes and cabbage in center of serving dish. Serve with mustard.
title: Quick And Easy Sweet Hush Puppies instructions: You will need a heavy pot for frying and a small ice cream scoop.
title: Raw Eggs On Toast instructions: On a slice of pound cake, put a scoop of whipped cream. In center of whipped cream, put peach half.
title: Pineapple Casserole instructions: Drain pineapple. Use juice, sugar, flour and cheese. Cook until thick. Pour over pineapple in baking dish. Crumble 1 or 2 cups Ritz crackers. Melt 1/2 stick margarine. Pour over crackers and stir to coat well. Sprinkle over pineapple mixture. Bake 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Garlic Herb Spread instructions: In large food processor with chopping blade process parsley, thyme, basil, tarragon and garlic until finely chopped. Add cream cheese, butter, Worcestershire and vinegar; process until well mixed and creamy. Line a 1 1/4-quart plastic container or shallow bowl with plastic wrap. Spread herb cheese into container; refrigerate. To serve, uncover container and invert cheese on to serving board or plate, remove container and plastic wrap. With small spatula or knife smooth surface. Garnish with fresh herbs.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli	and drain. Mix mayonnaise, salt, eggs, onion and soups in a medium mixing bowl.	Add cooked broccoli. Place in a casserole dish (heatproof). In a small pan melt the margarine;	add stuffing and mix until moistened. Spread over broccoli mixture evenly.	Bake in oven	at 375° for approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Fish Fry Batter instructions: Mix well. Let stand in refrigerator 45 minutes. Dip and fry fish.
title: Chili Rellenos instructions: Drain canned chilies. Stuff with cheese. Roll each chili in flour to completely coat. Shake off excess.
title: Mother'S Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Cream shortening. Gradually add sugars and cream well. Beat in egg until fluffy. Add water and vanilla.
title: Barbecued Pork Chops instructions: Top each pork chop with 1 pat of butter, Worcestershire sauce and barbecue sauce. Wrap individually in foil and bake at 350° for about 30 minutes.
title: Cocoa Mix instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Store in covered container. Place 4 tablespoons of mix in cup and fill with boiling water. Add whipped cream or marshmallows for extra treat.
title: Filled Beef Roll instructions: Combine the first 6 ingredients. Add beef; mix well. Pat mixture into a 10 x 8-inch rectangle on waxed paper. Combine cooked rice, cheese and green pepper. Pat onto meat, leaving 1 inch margin around edge. Roll jelly roll fashion, beginning with narrow side. Seal side seam and ends. Place roll, seam side down, in an 11 x 7 x 1 1/2-inch baking pan. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving. Makes 4 or 5 servings.
title: Caramel Corn instructions: Heat the margarine, sugar and syrup in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Boil for 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Add salt, vanilla and baking soda. Pour over corn and bake at 250° for 1 hour. Stir every 15 minutes.
title: Dump Cake instructions: Spray 9 X 13 inch pan. Mix pineapple, and cherry pie filling in the bottom of a 9 X 13 inch pan. Sprinkle dry cake mix over fruit. Then slice sticks of butter (place over cake mix). Bake 20 minutes at 350° or until golden brown. Prep time - 3 minutes. Cool time - 20 minutes. Serves 16 to 20. Good and so easy. Top with whipped cream if desired when serving.
title: Sweet Chocolate Sensation instructions: Grease and flour a 9 x 13-inch pan. Using mixer, blend all ingredients 30 seconds on low speed; beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour into prepared pan; bake at 350° for approximately 35 minutes or until cake pulls away from sides of pan and springs back when touched lightly in center. Cool cake on wire rack and frost as desired; store in refrigerator.
title: Ugly Duckling Cake instructions: Combine cake mix, fruit cocktail, 1 cup of coconut and eggs in a large bowl. Blend; then beat on medium for 2 minutes. Pour into a greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Bake at 325° for 45 minutes.
title: Jello Cake instructions: Bake cake mix according to directions on box. Let cake cool. After cake is cooled, poke holes in cake with fork. Mix jello with 1/2 cup boiling water and 1/2 cup cold water. Using a tablespoon, pour jello into cake holes. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Frost cake with Cool Whip.
title: Seafood Crepes(Serves 6)   instructions: In a 2-quart saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Mix in flour; cook and stir 1 minute. Gradually whisk in milk, sherry, chicken granules and salt; cook and stir until smooth (about 8 minutes). Gradually stir in scallops, shrimp and mushrooms. Cook, stirring gently, just until scallops and shrimp are cooked through; only about 10 minutes.
title: Savory Peas And Rice(For Microwave)   instructions: Place butter in a 2-quart casserole. Cover and microwave on High for 1 minute. Add onion; cover and microwave on High for 3 minutes. Add rice, chicken broth, salt and pepper. Cover and microwave on High for 30 minutes. Stir in peas and mushrooms; cover and microwave for 5 minutes.
title: Pizza instructions: Dissolve yeast in milk; add oil, flour and sugar. Knead 3 to 4 minutes. Divide and then spread on a greased pizza pan or cookie sheet. Let rise for 15 to 30 minutes. Bake 15 minutes. Take out and add sauce, meat, etc. and then cheese. Cook until cheese melts. For sauce use 1 jar Always Save spaghetti sauce. Add your own spices. Use Velveeta, Cheddar or Mozzarella cheeses.
title: Chili instructions: Brown hamburger and onions; drain. Add tomatoes, chili powder, garlic and salt to hamburger. Add beans and simmer.
title: Pineapple Cheese Ball instructions: Mix together to form a ball. Save half of pecans to roll finished ball in. (This tastes better if made a day ahead.)
title: Low-Fat Bran Muffins instructions: Heat to 350°. Mix flour, baking soda, baking powder and cinnamon in a large bowl. Mix cereal, milk and sugar in another bowl; let stand 5 minutes. Stir in egg and applesauce. Add to flour mixture; stir just until moistened. (Batter will be lumpy.) Spoon batter into muffin pan sprayed with nonstick cooking spray, filling each cup 2/3 full. Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm. Makes 12.
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Mix well by hand. Bake 50 minutes at 350° in tube pan.
title: Cheese-Garlic Biscuits instructions: Mix baking mix, milk and cheese. Drop by spoonfuls onto ungreased cooked sheet. Bake at 475° for 10 minutes. Mix melted margarine and garlic powder and brush over warm biscuits.
title: No Cook Pickles instructions: Pack first 3 ingredients into glass jars. Mix together sugar, vinegar, salt and celery seed. Pour over vegetables. Cover tightly. Store in refrigerator. Ready to eat after 24 hours.
title: Rhubarb-Orange Slice Jam instructions: Cover rhubarb with sugar and let stand 1 hour. Cook until thick and tender. Add candy pieces. Cook until thick. Pour into sterilized jars. Adjust rings and lids according to manufacturer's directions and process in water bath 15 minutes.
title: Biscuit Muffins instructions: Mix all together and spoon into muffin pans which have been sprayed. Bake 15 minutes at 400°.
title: Chicken Squares instructions: Cook chicken (save broth) and rice. Soak bread in broth. Add chicken, rice, celery, salt, pimento and soup. Mix well. Stir in eggs. Place in greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour or until firm. Cut in squares and serve with chicken or mushroom soup on top. (The mixture will seem runny but it firms up when baked.) Easy recipe and delicious!
title: Cinnamon Snaps instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Beat butter and 3/4 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and extract. Combine flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Gradually add to butter mixture, mixing well. Combine cinnamon and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar in small bowl. Roll dough into 1-inch balls and roll in sugar/cinnamon mixture. Place 2 inches apart on lightly buttered cookie sheet. Bake 11 to 12 minutes or until light golden brown. Let stand on cookie sheet. Transfer to wire cooling racks. Makes about 2 dozen cookies.
title: Spice Tea Mix instructions: Mix well and seal in jar. Use 2 heaping teaspoonfuls to 1 cup boiling water.
title: Special K Cookies instructions: Stir sugar and syrup together. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat. Stir in peanut butter and mix well. Add vanilla to cereal. Drop by teaspoon onto waxed paper. Makes 6 dozen.
title: Tag-A-Long instructions: Mix well. Put in a 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Grate or slice 1 small package of Velveeta cheese on top. Cover with foil and bake in 350° oven for 1 hour. Serves 10. Can be frozen.
title: Pizza Lasagna instructions: Fry ground beef and drain. Add spaghetti sauce, oregano and garlic powder to ground beef. Simmer. Cook noodles as package directs. Stir in cottage cheese to sauce. In greased baking dish, alternate layers of noodles, sauce and cheese. Place pepperoni on top. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Orange Cake instructions: Combine sugar, eggs, butter, sour milk and baking soda. Grind twice the orange peel and raisins. Add to mixture. Add flour and salt. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Make glaze from juice of orange and sugar. Spread on cake while hot.
title: Strawberry Meringues instructions: Beat the egg whites until frothy. Add the sugar, one tablespoon at a time, beating until very stiff. Divide mixture into 6 equal portions; shape into nests on heavy paper or cookie sheet. Bake for about 1 hour at 250°. When done, place sheet on damp cloth and lift off nest. Let cool. Fill with ice cream and strawberries.
title: Recipe For Happiness instructions: Mix those thoroughly and add tears of joy, sorrow and sympathy for others. Flavor with little gifts of love and kindly service. Fold in four cups of prayer and faith to lighten all other ingredients and raise the texture to great heights of character and Christian living. After pouring all this into your daily life, bake well with the heat of human kindness. Serve with a smile at any time and it will satisfy the hunger of starved souls.
title: Play Dough instructions: Mix together all ingredients. Cook over medium heat until it forms a ball. Pour out and knead a few minutes to increase smoothness. Keep in plastic bag or tightly covered container.
title: Oriental Salad instructions: In saucepan, combine sugar, salt, vinegar and oil; heat to a boil. Mix in vegetables.
title: Bambi'S Salad instructions: Combine lettuce, strawberries and cucumbers. Toss. Serve with vanilla yogurt dressing.
title: Surprise Sandwich Loaf instructions: Slice bread into 6 even slices, but not all the way through. Butter bread slices, if desired. Preheat oven to 425°. Spread ham slices with mustard, cut in half. Rinse and slice tomatoes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cut cheese slices in half. Place 1/2 slice ham, 1 tomato slice and 1 cheese slice between every slice of bread. Sprinkle with little Parmesan cheese. Press loaf together lightly. Wrap in foil. Place on oven rack. Cook about 10 minutes or until cheese starts melting and bread is hot. Bread should be crispy on the outside.
title: Chicken-Rice Bake instructions: In a bowl, stir together mushroom soup, milk, dry onion soup and undrained can of mushrooms. Reserve 1/2 cup of soup mixture and set aside. Stir uncooked rice and vegetables into remaining soup mixture. Place rice mixture into a 12 x 7 1/2 x 2-inch baking dish. Arrange chicken pieces atop. Pour reserved soup mixture over chicken. Sprinkle paprika on top. Cover tightly with foil. Bake at 375° until rice is tender, 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours.
title: Rice Pilaf instructions: Melt butter in a saucepan. Add rice. Braise well until butter starts to bubble. Dissolve bouillon cubes in 4 cups water. Mix together with rice in a 2-quart casserole dish. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Cover and bake at 375° for 30 minutes.
title: Chicken And Spaghetti Casserole instructions: Debone and cut up chicken into chunks. Cook spaghetti. Add soup and cheese. Cut into chunks. Season with garlic salt, salt and pepper to taste. Heat in a 350° oven until cheese is melted and heated well.
title: Curried Fruit Casserole instructions: Drain fruit well. Place in buttered casserole (6 1/2-cup or larger). Dab with butter. Sift over fruit 1 cup of sugar with 1 scant tablespoon of curry. Let set 24 hours in refrigerator. Bake, covered, at 350° for 45 minutes. Serve at once. Leftovers are good cold.
title: Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Bring cocoa, sugar, milk and butter to a boil on medium heat. When it begins to boil, cook exactly two minutes. Then add the vanilla, peanut butter and oatmeal. Stir quickly and place on wax paper with large spoon.
title: Cranberry Sauce instructions: Cook cranberries, sugar and water until done. While hot, add rest of ingredients, stirring now and then until cool. Let set overnight. Real good.
title: Super Cheese Soup instructions: Cook carrots and celery in boiling water until tender; do not drain. Cook onion in margarine until just tender. Stir in flour. Gradually add milk. Cook and stir until thick. Add broth, cheese and vegetables. Stir over low heat until cheese melts. Makes 6 servings.
title: Sausage Roll instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Mix all ingredients. Roll into small balls. Place on baking sheet. Bake for about 2 minutes. Makes about 75 to 100 meat balls.
title: Lo-Cal Orange Salad instructions: Mix cottage cheese, pineapple and oranges. Sprinkle diet Jell-O over this; stir well. Stir in pecans, then stir in the whipped yogurt mixture. Chill. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Cheese Stuffed Tomatoes instructions: In blender or food processor, whip cottage cheese with lemon juice. In large skillet, melt margarine. Add mushrooms and onion mixture. Stir in cottage cheese and cook about 5 minutes. Do not boil. Stuff tomato shells and bake in a preheated 375° oven for 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Georgia Peach Cake instructions: Cream butter and 1/2 cup sugar. Add lemon rind; beat. Add eggs. Mix next 3 dry ingredients and add to batter a little at a time. Pour half of batter into greased 9 x 9-inch square pan. Place drained peach slices over batter. Add remaining batter to cover peaches. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over peaches. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes. Cut in squares and serve with whipped cream.
title: Camembert Affair instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Place almonds in the empty tin that the cheese was packaged in and bake for 5 minutes. Add butter to tin, then add Camembert. Bake another 5 minutes (10 minutes for very spreadable cheese.) Serve on crackers.
title: Vegetable Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients well and chill.
title: Fresh Pear Cake instructions: Mix oil and sugar; blend in vanilla and eggs. Sift all dry ingredients and add to mixture. Add pears and nuts (optional). Mix well. Bake in greased and floured 9 x 13-inch pan. Cook 45 minutes in 350° oven. Cool and ice with Cream Cheese Icing. Cut into 24 squares.
title: Holiday Applesauce Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar together. Add 2 slightly beaten eggs. Beat well. Add slowly the applesauce. Stir well. Add cherry juice and vanilla. (Place in paper bag the flour, cinnamon, cloves, baking soda, raisins, nuts, dates, salt and cherries.) Fold in the flour mixture to the butter mixture. Pour batter into well-greased and floured pan. Bake in 10-inch tube pan at 350° about 55 minutes.
title: Fried Venison instructions: Mix the eggs and milk together in a shallow dish. When blended, add the steaks to the mixture. Cover; place in the fridge for 2 to 3 hours, turning over steaks occasionally. Add salt and pepper to the flour to taste. Remove steaks from the milk and egg mixture. Roll in the flour; cook in oil over medium-high heat. Turn only once when the first side is brown. When done, dry meat on paper towels, while being careful not to knock off any of the breading.
title: Heavenly Cheesecake instructions: Press into a 10 inch pie plate.
title: Seven Layer Salad instructions: Layer in very large bowl the first 5 ingredients in order. Mix mayonnaise and sugar and spread on top, covering salad well. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese and bacon bits on top and refrigerate at least 8 hours. Toss before serving.
title: Quick Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Mix well the hash browns, 1 cup flakes, sour cream, onion and mushroom soup. Place in greased baking dish. Top with 1/2 cup crushed corn flakes, then 1/2 cup melted butter poured over, then 1/2 to 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese. Bake at 375° for 30 minutes.
title: Chocolate Mint Brownies instructions: Bake in 13 x 9 pan at 350° for 25 minutes. Cool completely.
title: Icing For Brownies instructions: Mix together and boil 30 seconds to melt chocolate chips. Add nuts.
title: Chicken And Dumplings instructions: Boil chicken. Cool and remove from bone. Combine broth from chicken and can of chicken broth with cooked chicken. Beat egg. Add milk, baking powder and flour. Roll out thin on floured board. Cut into strips and drop into boiling broth. Reduce heat and simmer about 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Sole And Shrimp Casserole instructions: Butter a shallow 1 1/2-quart baking dish. Place about half of the fish fillets in even layer. Sprinkle evenly with about half of shrimp, bread crumbs, pepper, lemon juice and mushrooms. Repeat layers. Mix together tatar sauce, green onions and butter. Dot over top. Drizzle casserole evenly with vermouth, if used. Cover and chill if make ahead. Bake, covered, in a 350° oven about 30 minutes; 40 minutes, if chilled.
title: Potato And Pork Chop Casserole instructions: Slice potatoes thin and onions also. Layer potatoes, onions and cheese. Pour celery soup over all three ingredients. Salt and pepper according to taste. Repeat. Each time when half of soup is used, fill can with water, stir and use the same way until finished.
title: Barbecued Ribs instructions: Wash and pat dry the ribs. Season with salt and pepper. Place in a roasting pan and bake in a 375° oven for 50 minutes, covered. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over meat. Reduce heat to 350°. Continue cooking for another 45 to 55 minutes, uncovered. Baste occasionally.
title: Apple Cake instructions: Beat together oil and sugar. Add eggs and beat until creamy. Sift together and add flour, salt, cinnamon, baking soda and baking powder. Fold apples, nuts and raisins into very stiff batter. Grease and flour tube pan. Bake at 350° for 1 1/4 hours. Cool in pan.
title: Almond Delight instructions: Mix the first 5 ingredients and spread out on cookie sheet. Brown in 325° oven for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Pineapple-Marshmallow Puffs instructions: Fold marshmallows and pineapple together until well mixed. Refrigerate 30 minutes. Fold whipped cream and nuts into marshmallows. Cover and chill several hours.
title: Crock-Pot Venison instructions: Mix salt, pepper and lemon pepper and flour venison. Brown on both sides and place in crock-pot. Add remaining ingredients and cook for 4 to 6 hours on medium. Serve over rice.
title: Caramel Chews instructions: Melt caramels in double boiler. Add cream when melting. Add remaining ingredients and form into small balls (boulder marble size). Put on greased cookie sheet. Freeze well.
title: Spinach Dip instructions: Mix together. Refrigerate several hours. Serve with cut up vegetables or cubed bread.
title: Peanut Brittle instructions: Put sugar, syrup and water in pan and boil at 240°. Add butter and raw peanuts. Boil until 300°, stirring constantly. Add soda, vanilla and salt which has been dissolved in a little water. Mix well. Pour on well buttered cookie sheets. Spread with buttered knives. It takes 3 cookie sheets.
title: Stuffed Zucchini instructions: Cut zucchini in half lengthwise and scoop out centers, being careful not to break shells. Place on greased sheet the coarsely chopped zucchini centers. Melt margarine in saucepan and saute onion and garlic. Add zucchini, celery, tomato and Worcestershire. Brown beef and onion; drain grease. Add remaining ingredients. Simmer 10 to 15 minutes or bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Diet Lovers Frosting instructions: In large bowl, with electric mixer, beat all ingredients together until creamy, and all lumps are gone. Frosting is now ready to spread over cake. Will frost 9 x 13-inch cake or two 8-inch layer cakes. Best on chocolate cake.
title: Fettuccine Alfredo instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the cream, garlic powder, and pepper and simmer for 10 - 12 minutes or until thick. At the same time, bring 4 - 6 quarts of water to a boil and add the pasta.
title: Creamy Icing instructions: Whip all together until creamy. Will ice: 1 (13 x 9-inch) cake, 2 round cakes or 24 cupcakes.
title: Homemade Pizza Dough instructions: Put yeast, warm water and sugar in a small bowl. In a large bowl, add the flour, salt/yeast mixture and warm water. Mix together, then on a floured surface, knead for a few minutes. Put dough into a well-greased bowl. Cover with wax paper. Let rise for 1 hour, then spread dough onto a well-greased pizza pan or cookie sheet. Let rise another 1/2 hour. Bake at 350° or until crust is brown on bottom.
title: Mexican Chicken Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Boil chicken and strip off bone. Saute onion in 2 tablespoons butter and mix with chicken. Take 3/4 cup of chicken broth, put in a bowl and add cream of mushroom, cream of chicken soup and Ro-Tel and blend them together. Take 9 x 13-inch casserole dish. Put chicken in dish. Sprinkle layer of chips, layer of cheese mixed together, layer of chips, then pour soup and Ro-Tel mixture on top and layer with rest of cheeses. Bake 30 minutes.
title: Black Walnut Pound Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients as listed. Grease, flour and spray Pam on a tube pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour or until done. May be frosted with a mocha frosting or eaten plain.
title: Squash And Apple Bake instructions: Cut apples into 1/2 inch slices. Cut each squash in half lengthwise and remove seeds. Peel squash and cut into 1/2 inch slices. Arrange in a lightly greased 13 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish and top with apples. Combine remaining ingredients, mixing well. Spoon over apple slices. Cover tightly and bake at 350° for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until squash is tender.
title: Coconut Delight instructions: If desired, use extra Cool Whip, coconut and nuts for the 4th layer.
title: Larry'S Pot Roast instructions: Wash meat and pat dry. Put in plastic bag with 1 can of beer and marinate overnight. Remove from marinade and rub the roast with the flour, salt, pepper, garlic powder and italian seasoning. brown in shortening on all sides in roasting pan. Make mixture of soups, wine, onion, onion soup mix, water and can of mushrooms. pour over the roast and simmer for 2-3 hours or until done in a 350 degree oven. remove the roast and add extra water if needed to make a gravy. Good over mashed potatoes or noodles. Serves 6-8.
title: Egg Custard Pie instructions: Combine milk and sugar. Heat to boiling point. Mix butter, eggs, salt and vanilla. Add to milk and sugar. Place in unbaked pie shell. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Makes 2 pies.
title: Pineapple Dip instructions: Mix pineapple, sugar, egg and flour. Cook over medium heat until thick, stirring constantly. When cool, add cream cheese and Cool Whip. Mix with a whisk. Refrigerate. Serve with sliced fruit such as apples, pears and strawberries.
title: 7 Layer Mexican Dip instructions: Prepare in a 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Creamy Pesto And Ravioli instructions: Put first 4 ingredients in blender. Blend slowly to paste consistency. Add cheese when smooth. Add olive oil in steady stream with blender running. Add cream and blend. Pour over ravioli. Garnish with parsley. Also good on tortellini. Serves 4.
title: Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add flour and egg. Shape into rolls and chill. Slice and bake at 400° until brown. Nuts, chocolate chips or coconut may be added for variations.
title: No Bake Cookies instructions: Mix and cook for 1 minute sugar, cocoa, milk and butter. Remove from heat, then add peanut butter and oats. Mix well and spoon on waxed paper.
title: Apple Nut Ring instructions: Separate the biscuits into 20 pieces. Combine sugar and cinnamon. Dip biscuits into melted butter, then roll in sugar mixture. Arrange biscuits around the outer edge of a deep dish baker pan using a total of 15 pieces and overlap the other 5 pieces in the center. Peel, core and slice apples into thin pieces; place in the biscuit crust. Mix chopped pecans with the remaining sugar mixture and pour over all. Bake at 350° for 30 to 45 minutes or until done.
title: Corn instructions: In heavy saucepan, put corn, water, milk and butter. Simmer until corn is done. Mix cornstarch in cold water and add to corn to thicken. Add salt and pepper.
title: Spiced Wassail instructions: Bring to a bubble. Do not boil. Strain and put in container to use later. Keep in refrigerator. Heat when ready to serve.
title: Zucchini Casserole instructions: Wash and slice zucchini. Place vegetable in saucepan. Add water and cook over medium heat until done. Combine cheeses, egg, sour cream and flour. Stir into zucchini. Cook over medium-low heat for 5 minutes. Stir often until thickened.
title: Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. In a small bowl, combine flour, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl, combine shortening, sugars, pudding and vanilla. Beat until creamy. Beat in eggs. Gradually add flour mixture and mix well. Stir in chocolate chips and nuts. Drop by teaspoonful on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes. Can chill dough in refrigerator for several hours before baking. Easier to handle when chilled.
title: Mocha Cheesecake Dreams instructions: For crust, in a large mixing bowl, stir together flour, powdered sugar, cocoa powder and baking soda. With a pastry blender, cut in margarine until crumbly. Press mixture into the bottom of a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Bake in a 350° oven for 15 minutes.
title: Chicken Tacos instructions: In a large Dutch oven, put chicken in water and boil until tender. Cool. While cooking chicken, cut lettuce and tomatoes up in small cubes and shred cheese. When chicken is cooled, tear from bone and cut up into small pieces. Oil a large skillet, put chicken in with one cup water. Add taco sauce and seasoning into chicken. Let simmer for 20 minutes. Ready to serve.
title: Beef Bourdelais instructions: Braise beef in margarine. Add onion. Mix flour and seasonings and add to beef. Pour in bouillon and wine and scrape pan well. Cover tightly and bake at 325° for 4 hours. Serve over egg noodles or rice pilaf.
title: Yummy Hot Cider instructions: Tie spices in cheesecloth or tea strainer and place in slow cooker. Add apple cider (or juice) and sugar, stirring well. Cover. Simmer on low 1 hour. Remove spices and stir in orange juice and lemon juice. Continue heating 1 more hour. Serve cider from cooker set on low. Yield: 10 to 11 (1 cup) servings.
title: Southern Seafood Gumbo instructions: Chop green onions, onions, celery, parsley, okra, and garlic. Place in large (4 qt.) soup pan. Add remaining ingredients except seafood. Cook on low heat 2-3 hours. Cook seafood last. Serve with rice in soup bowls.
title: Lime-Pineapple Punch instructions: Mix all ingredients, except ginger ale. Add 1 bottle ginger ale for each quart of punch.
title: Mrs. Lynn'S Fudge Cookies instructions: Mix ingredients in order given as quickly as possible. Do not beat. Bake in a well-greased 9 1/2 x 13 1/2-inch pan in 400° oven for 12 minutes. Frost while warm with powdered sugar icing or chocolate frosting. Cut into squares and enjoy.
title: Water Chestnuts-Bacon instructions: Marinate water chestnuts in soy sauce 1 hour. Cut chestnuts in half. Roll in white sugar. Cut bacon in thirds, wrap chestnuts in bacon, anchor with toothpick.
title: Pina Colada Sherbet instructions: In blender, mix coconut, undrained pineapple, orange juice and rum. Blend until nearly smooth. Pour in 9 x 5 x 3-inch dish or 13 x 9-inch pan. Cover and freeze until firm. Take out and break into pieces. Put half at a time in blender. Process until fluffy. Put in container and freeze until firm. Makes 5 cups.
title: Corned Beef In Foil instructions: Soak corned beef in water to cover for 1/2 hour or longer if deeply corned. Place a large sheet of heavy-duty foil on a shallow pan. Remove corned beef from water and pat dry to remove any salt on surface. Place in center of foil and pour over it 1/4 cup fresh water. Sprinkle with the spice and arrange orange slices and vegetables over and around the meat. Bring long ends of foil up over meat and seal with a tight double fold. Seal other ends, turning them up so liquid can not run out. Bake in a 300° oven for 4 hours. Remember, always slice meat across the grain.
title: Pineapple-Pear Mold instructions: In a small saucepan, soften gelatin in 1/2 cup of the orange juice. Stir in undrained, crushed pineapple and remaining orange juice. Chill until partially set. Fold in pears and Equal and turn mixture into a 6-cup mold. Chill until firm. Unmold onto a plate. Makes 8 servings. Calories per serving: 111. Diabetic exchanges per serving: milk 0, vegetable 0, fruit 2, bread 0, meat 0 and fat 0.
title: 7-Up Salad instructions: Mix Jell-O, water and 7-Up together; let it cool, then add bananas, drained pineapple, marshmallows and oranges. Let this set.
title: Pineapple "Philly" Pie instructions: In saucepan, combine sugar and cornstarch. Gradually add pineapple. Cook, stirring constantly, until clear and thickened. Cool. Spread onto bottom of pastry shell.
title: Simply Elegant Steak And Rice instructions: Cut steak or venison into thin strips. Brown meat in a large skillet in oil, using high heat. Add onions and saute until tender and crisp. Blend in soup and liquid from mushrooms. Add garlic salt and pour over steak. Reduce heat. Cover and simmer for 1 hour or until steak is tender or cover and bake at 350° until tender. Serve over rice. Makes 6 servings.
title: Cheese Scalloped Carrots instructions: Cook carrots in boiling salted water to cover for 8 to 10 minutes, or until tender. Drain and set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a heavy saucepan over low heat. Add celery and onion; cook, stirring often, until tender. Add flour and next 3 ingredients, stirring until blended. Cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Gradually add milk; cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thickened and bubbly. Stir in cheese and carrots; spoon into a lightly greased 1 1/2-quart casserole. Combine breadcrumbs and remaining ingredients; sprinkle over carrot mixture. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Dump Pound Cake instructions: Dump all ingredients in mixer; beat 10 minutes. Bake 1 hour and 15 minutes at 325°. Serves 25.
title: Chocolate Peanut Squares(Nut Goodies)   instructions: Melt chocolate chips, butterscotch chips and peanut butter in a 2-quart saucepan over low heat. Spread 1/2 of mixture in buttered 10 x 15-inch jelly roll pan. Refrigerate about 1 hour until firm. Stir peanuts into remaining chocolate and set aside. When refrigerated chocolate is firm, combine butter, milk and pudding mix in 4-quart pan. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Boil 1 minute. Stir in powdered sugar and maple flavoring. Spread over firm chocolate. Spread with remaining chocolate. Refrigerate. Cut into small squares
title: Butter Dips instructions: Heat oven to 450°. In a 9 x 9 x 2-inch pan, melt butter in oven. Remove when melted. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Add milk. Stir until dough forms, about 30 strokes. Turn dough onto floured cloth covered board. Roll or pat out to 8 x 8-inch square. Cut in half with floured knife, then each half into ninths. Dip each strip in melted butter on both sides. Slide each piece into place. Bake 15 to 20 minutes. Makes 18.
title: Beans And Hungry Jacks instructions: Brown the ground beef; drain grease. Saute the onion slightly and add the salt, pork and beans, barbecue sauce and brown sugar. Heat until bubbly. Place in a 2-quart casserole. Cut the biscuits in half (moon shape) and place cut side down over mixture. Sprinkle with Cheddar cheese. Bake 25 minutes or until biscuits are browned at 375°. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Mandarin Cake instructions: Mix cake mix, oranges, juice, eggs and oil by electric mixer until oranges are broken up and batter is fluffy (about 3 minutes). Divide among 3 greased and floured 9-inch cake pans. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes and cool.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Mix cake mix; pour over nuts and coconut. Melt butter and cream cheese; mix with confectioners sugar. Pour over batter. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes in a 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: White Fruit Cake(From "Old Fashioned Cooking" Canaan Community Cookbook)   instructions: Cream sugar and butter. Beat in eggs. Sift flour and baking powder together. Add flour alternately with milk and vanilla. Stir in other ingredients. Bake 3 hours at 250° in a tube pan. Put water in oven in a pan under cake. This fruit cake is very moist. Let cool completely before removing from pan.
title: Stay Up All Night Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Beat egg whites until stiff. Add sugar, vanilla and salt. By hand mix in chocolate chips and black walnuts as desired. Drop by spoonfuls on cookie sheet sprayed with Pam. Turn off oven and put cookies in for 6 hours or overnight.
title: Short'Nen Bread instructions: Cream eggs and butter. Add remaining ingredients. Grease and flour a 9-inch loaf pan. Pour batter into pan. Bake at 350° approximately 1 hour.
title: Coconut Pecan Pound Cake instructions: Combine together sugar, oil and eggs. Beat well and set aside.
title: Chili Con Cornbread instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Pour chili into lightly greased, 8-inch square baking pan. Prepare corn bread batter according to package directions. Stir in cheese. Pour over chili. Bake 30 to 35 minute. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Oreo Cookie Dessert instructions: Combine Oreo crumbs and oleo, reserving about 1/2 cup of crumbs for topping. Place in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Pat down to make a crust. Refrigerate for 1 hour.
title: Grandma'S Fruit Cake instructions: Wash raisins and currants; chop nuts and fruits. Dredge fruit in half the flour. Cream butter and sugar. Add beaten egg yolks. Sift remaining flour with other dry ingredients. Add milk and dry ingredients alternately to cake batter. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Add nuts and fruits; mix thoroughly. Bake approximately 4 hours at 275°.
title: Crackling Cornbread instructions: Mix and pour into well-greased iron skillet sprinkled with cornmeal. Bake at 450° for 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Black Bean Soup(Slow Cooker)   instructions: Combine all of the ingredients together in a slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 9 to 10 hours.
title: Mary'S Sweet Potatoes instructions: Peel, cook and slice sweet potatoes into 1-inch slices. Bring sugar, nectar, butter, lemon peel, cinnamon and nutmeg to a boil. Boil gently for 2 minutes. Arrange potatoes in a 12 x 8 x 2-inch pan. Pour sauce over potatoes. Sprinkle with nuts. Bake at 350° for about 30 minutes or until potatoes are heated through and sauce is bubbly. They should be turned occasionally.
title: Blueberry Sauce instructions: Heat juice and arrowroot powder until thickened. Stir in blueberries and serve over toast or waffles.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream together sugar and shortening, add eggs, bananas and sour milk. After sifting together dry ingredients, add to cream mixture, adding nuts last. Bake 1 hour at 350°. Makes 3 small loaves.
title: Swiss Sausage Bake instructions: Note: Great to pop in oven on Christmas morning and holidays.
title: Egg Bake instructions: Cube bread and spread over 9 x 13-inch glass dish or pan. Blend milk, eggs and mustard and pour over bread. Cube cheese and sprinkle over everything and add desired meat choice to top. Can leave sit in refrigerator overnight. Bake for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Microwave Chili instructions: Place ground beef in plastic strainer over a two-quart glass measuring cup, cover with paper napkin to prevent splashing and cook for 3 minutes on High. Remove from microwave; stir to mix. Return to oven and cook on High for 3 minutes more. Transfer to 3-quart glass container and add remaining ingredients, stirring thoroughly to mix. Place in oven and cook, uncovered, on High for 5 minutes. Remove and stir; return to oven and cook on Medium for 5 minutes. Stir; cook for 7 minutes. Stir; cook for 7 to 10 minutes more. Stir and serve.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Beat thoroughly and pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake for 45 minutes at 350°. Let cool before serving.
title: 3 Bean Casserole instructions: Fry bacon in large skillet until crisp; remove bacon. Brown onion in fat; drain off fat. Add crumbled beef and cook until redness goes. Add bacon and remaining ingredients; mix with fork. Turn into bean pot or large casserole. Cover and bake in slow oven at 300° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: German Potato Salad(For Big Group)   instructions: Brown bacon (cut small) with onion. Add vinegar with salt, sugar, pepper and dill to browned bacon and onion (don't drain). Mix this with potatoes.
title: Cheese Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients at medium speed with electric mixer until well blended. Refrigerate. Serve cold or hot with tortilla chips or vegetable spears. Makes 2 cups.
title: Chocolate Muffins instructions: Cream the margarine and sugar. Add eggs, flour, chocolate, vanilla and pecans. Pour into tiny muffin tins sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Candied Yams instructions: Melt margarine in skillet over low heat. Blend in sugar and salt. Increase heat and bring to boiling. Add potatoes and cook over medium heat, turning potatoes several times. Cook for about 20 minutes or until potatoes are well glazed and thoroughly heated.
title: Stewed Chicken instructions: Remove any excess pieces of fat from chicken. Place chicken, giblets and neck in kettle. Add just enough water to cover. Add remaining ingredients. Heat to boiling; reduce heat. Cover and simmer until thickest pieces are tender, 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 hours. If not serving immediately, refrigerate chicken in broth until cool.
title: Chitterlings(Makes 4 To 5 Servings)   instructions: Chitterlings can be purchased frozen and ready to go. The only problem is the cleaning. You must open each piece and scrape the fat. Cut into 6-inch lengths and rinse in fresh water several times. Soak overnight in the refrigerator in salt water. Rinse and place in a heavy kettle with a tight-fitting lid. Add other ingredients except green pepper. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours until tender. Add green pepper and cook another 15 minutes.
title: Hot Dogs With Fried Rice And Tomatoes instructions: Melt butter or bacon fat. Add rice and saute until yellow. Add onion and cook 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, seasonings and herbs. Cover and cook 15 to 20 minutes until rice is tender. Arrange hot grilled hot dogs on hot platter and pour rice and tomato mixture around them. Yields 6 servings.
title: Chicken Divan instructions: Arrange cooked broccoli in greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Place chicken on top. Combine soup, mayonnaise, lemon juice and curry powder and pour on top of chicken. Sprinkle with cheese. Combine bread and margarine and sprinkle over all. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Cheesy Lasagne instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine in large bowl Ricotta, Parmesan, Romano and 1/2 Mozzarella cheese. Add eggs and parsley. Soak noodles in cold water for 10 minutes. In pan, spread 1/2 cup sauce, then place 3 noodles on top. Spread 1/3 Ricotta filling over noodles. Pour 1 cup sauce over cheese filling. Repeat layers, ending with sauce.
title: Skewered Shrimp(For 4)   instructions: You will also need 4 (12-inch) skewers. Requires marinating beef in advance.
title: Spinach Patties instructions: Combine spinach, eggs and flour; mix well until you have a batter. Pour "pancake-like" patties in hot skillet with 2 tablespoons oil. Fry until golden brown (approximately 4 to 5 minutes on each side). Take fried patties; place in baking dish. Cover with desired amount of spaghetti sauce and cheese. Bake at 425° for 10 to 15 minutes, or until cheese is brown.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Mix together in a 2-quart casserole and bake in a 350° oven approximately 30 minutes or until done.
title: Pumpkin Dump Cake instructions: Prepare pumpkin according to directions on can label to make pie filling for two pies (requires eggs, sugar, spices and 2 cans evaporated milk).
title: Pork Chops Supreme instructions: Rub chops with sage and salt. Brown in hot shortening. Drain. Dissolve bouillon cubes in water. Add bouillon and onions to pork chops. Cover and simmer 30 minutes. Place pork chops on serving platter. Combine sour cream, flour and parsley flakes in separate bowl. Slowly add meat drippings. Return this mixture to skillet. Cook and stir until desired consistency. Serve over chops.
title: Chicken Dressing Casserole instructions: Stew and bone chicken (save broth from chicken). Mix melted margarine with cornbread mix. Put a little less than half of the mix in bottom of casserole. Put half of chicken on top. Dilute celery soup with a can of broth and pour over chicken. Repeat layers, using chicken soup diluted with 1 can chicken broth. Sprinkle top with crumb dressing mix. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Spinach Balls instructions: To the beaten eggs add the melted butter and cheese, then add stuffing cubes and let them soften in egg mixture about 5 minutes. Add spinach and mix well. Roll into small balls and bake at 350° for 15 minutes. Makes about 50 spinach balls.
title: Hamburger Chow Mein instructions: Brown meat and onion in butter. Add salt, pepper, celery and water. Cover and simmer 20 minutes. Add bean sprouts. Blend cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water, then add soy sauce, sugar and brown gravy sauce. Stir into meat-vegetable mixture and heat until thickened. Add mushrooms and serve hot.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Mix all together. Roll in chopped pecans. Can be shaped into ball or logs. Refrigerate.
title: Pasta Salad instructions: Cook pasta as directed. Drain and rinse in cold water. Combine tomatoes (halved or quartered), green pepper (chopped), broccoli, cauliflower, mushrooms and parsley. Add pasta and toss. Pour dressing over salad and add cheese. Let marinate overnight. Serves 20.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs. Add dry ingredients. Add milk and bananas. Add nuts, cherries and chocolate chips if you wish. Bake at 350° for 45 to 55 minutes.
title: Grilled Potatoes In A Package instructions: Tear off a piece of non-stick foil about 10-12 inches long. Peel and cut the potatoes, add the sliced onions and peppers, along with the tablespoon of butter and salt and pepper into the center of the foil. Fold the foil and close it tightly at the top and on the sides. Cook it on the grill on low for approximately 30 minutes. Once the potatoes are done, open the packet (be careful of the steam), put slices of the cheese on the potatoes and close the packet up so it can melt.
title: Danish Yeast Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in water, add cake mix, flour and salt. Mix and let rise for 1 hour. Punch down and roll out into oblong. Cover with butter, sugar, cinnamon and nuts. Roll up and slice about 2 inches thick. Place on cookie sheet, let set about 20 minutes. Bake at 350° for approximately 20 minutes.
title: Baked Halibut, Italian Style instructions: Place fish in greased baking dish. Saute onion and garlic in butter until onion is tender. Add tomato sauce, mushrooms, olives, oregano, sugar, salt and pepper. Heat through. Pour over halibut and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Baked Chicken Breasts instructions: Dip the chicken pieces in melted butter or brush with butter and season with salt and pepper. Mix rice with soups and spread in a shallow, buttered casserole. Top with chicken breasts and bake at 300° for 2 hours.
title: Butterscotch Pull-Apart instructions: Let frozen dough thaw until pliable. Grease a 12-cup Bundt (tube ) pan. Sprinkle 1/2 cup of the brown sugar on bottom of pan. Top with walnuts and set aside. In small bowl, combine pudding mix, remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar and cinnamon. Cut thawed dough into 24 pieces (rolls do not need to be cut). Dip each piece in melted butter, then roll in butterscotch mixture. Arrange dough balls on top of nut mixture in pan. The pan should be filled at least half-way with dough.
title: Chicken, Cheese And Broccoli Pie instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Grease pie plate (10 x 1 1/2-inches). Rinse broccoli under cold water to thaw; drain. Mix broccoli, 2 cups of the cheese, chicken and onion in plate. Beat milk, eggs, baking mix, salt and pepper until smooth. Pour into plate. Bake until knife inserted in center comes out clean, 25 to 35 minutes. Top with remaining cheese. Bake just until cheese is melted. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Speedy Stroganoff instructions: In a saucepan, brown hamburger and drain. Stir in gravy. Stir in undrained mushrooms and catsup. Add 1 cup water. Cover; bring to boiling. Simmer, covered, 15 minutes. Stir in wine. Gradually blend 1 cup beef mixture into sour cream dip. Return to saucepan. Heat through. Do not boil. Serve over noodles. Sprinkle with paprika.
title: 6 Layer Casserole instructions: Butter a large casserole. Cook broccoli and green onion in a small amount of water with dash of salt for 5 to 6 minutes. Drain well. Mix soup and half and half in bowl. In casserole, layer rice, broccoli, green onions and ham. Pour soup mixture over; top with shredded cheese. Bake at 375° for approximately 35 minutes or until cheese is melted and light brown. Serve hot from oven with salad and rolls. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Orange Pineapple Salad instructions: Blend well the jello and boiling water. Add the next three ingredients and let it gel.
title: Strawberry Shortcake instructions: Add, in the order listed, and mix well. Pour into oblong baking pan or dish. Bake at 375° for 40 minutes. Cool and add fresh strawberries and milk, if so desired.
title: Brown Rice instructions: Saute rice, spices and butter. Add other ingredients and cook, covered, at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Lazy Daisy Cake instructions: Combine first 3 ingredients and beat well, then add dry ingredients which have been sifted together. Scald milk and add butter. Combine the 2 mixtures and beat well. Pour into square, flat pan and bake in moderate oven at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and add frosting, then return to hot oven for frosting to brown.
title: Hamburger Casserole instructions: Layer 1 pound hamburger, onion, potatoes and 1 pound hamburger. Cook 35 to 45 minutes at 350°. Drain and cover with a 10 ounce package of Cheddar cheese.
title: Alaska Canned Salmon Carbonara instructions: Cook pasta according to package directions; drain and keep warm. In 3-quart saucepan, cook bacon until crisp. Drain, reserving 2 tablespoons bacon fat. Add onion, garlic, basil, oregano and peppers. Cook 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and vinegar; cook over medium heat for 10 minutes or until slightly thickened. Stir in salmon and cream; heat through. Serve over hot pasta and garnish with Parmesan.
title: Blueberry Cake("Local Bake-Off Winner")   instructions: Cream shortening and sugar. Then add egg and milk. Beat until smooth.
title: Cabbage And Peas instructions: In a bowl, microwave peas for 4 minutes, covered. Heat oil in a 10-inch skillet. Add ginger and garlic. Add peas and cabbage. Stir-fry on medium-low heat until crisp-tender. Add salt and black pepper. (Do not overcook when cabbage is soft.)
title: Pecan Ritz Pie instructions: Mix the first 3 ingredients together in small bowl. Set aside. Put egg whites in a large mixing bowl and beat until it forms peaks. Slowly add sugar, then vanilla. Add first bowl of dry ingredients and fold together gently with large spoon. Pour into 9-inch pie plate. Bake at 325° for 30 minutes.
title: Hamburger Stroganoff instructions: Brown hamburger, onion and garlic salt; drain off fat. Add flour, salt, pepper and mushrooms (juice and all). Cook for 5 minutes. Add soup; simmer for 10 minutes. Add sour cream; heat through. Serve over hot buttered noodles.
title: Chocolate Nut Clusters instructions: Melt chocolate in double boiler; add butter and stir. Stir in nuts. Drop by teaspoons on waxed paper. Refrigerate until hard.
title: Taco Dip instructions: Mix bean dip, cream cheese, taco mix and sour cream with a hand mixer. Pour into a casserole dish. Grate cheese and sprinkle on top. Garnish with peppers. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve hot with nacho chips.
title: My Own Self instructions: Kids love this; with your help, they can prepare dinner. Make macaroni and cheese according to directions. Steam veggies and drain. Fluff tuna with fork in small bowl or big bowl if children are doing it. Mix first three ingredients together and sprinkle with cheese. Bake, uncovered, for 30 minutes.
title: Pizza Meatballs instructions: Combine ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, onion, salt and pepper; mix well. Cover each cube of cheese with about 1 tablespoon of meat mixture, carefully sealing all around. Place meatballs in a lightly greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Carrot Salad instructions: Boil carrots in water or cook in small amount of water in microwave just until tender; drain and place in 2-quart covered casserole. Add onion, green pepper, corn and celery. Combine the remaining ingredients; heat 3 minutes in the microwave on High. Stir and pour over vegetables. Cool, cover and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Makes 12 servings. This salad will keep in the refrigerator at least one week.
title: Old-Fashioned Pound Cake instructions: Cream together the butter and confectioners sugar. Add the whole eggs, one at a time, beating each in well. Gradually add the flour, beating continually. Add lemon and vanilla extracts and mix thoroughly. Put batter in greased Bundt pan and bake at 325° for 45 to 50 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Chick Stakes Dressing instructions: Place bread cubes in large mixing bowl and add enough water to soak and soften (about 1/2 pint). In a cup of warm water, soak 8 chicken bouillon cubes. Into another bowl, mix onions cut fine and celery cut into medium pieces. Add chicken steaks, salt, poultry seasoning and savory or celery salt. Beat eggs and mix with broth from stakes and add to the mixture. Now add the mixture to the softened bread crumbs. Melt margarine; add and mix well. Pour into well-greased casserole dish. Bake about 2 hours at 350° or until golden brown. Can be served with mushroom sauce, if desired.
title: Chicken-Dressing Casserole instructions: Cook and debone chicken. In a 13 x 9-inch baking dish, combine soups. Lay chicken on top of soups. Put in frozen peas. Mix stuffing by directions on box; spread over chicken mixture. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Good to make ahead and freeze.
title: Old Fashioned Molasses Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Grease a 9 x 9 x 1-inch pan. Sift flour with soda, spices and salt. Set aside. In large bowl, beat eggs, butter, molasses and water until mixed well. Add flour mixture, beating until smooth. Pour into pan; bake 30 to 35 minutes. Cool partially in pan on wire rack. Serve warm. It's a very good cake.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Mix together margarine, 3/4 c. sugar, baking powder, salt, and flour. Put fresh peaches in bottom of 9x9 baking dish. Put batter on top of peaches. Mix together sugar, cornstarch, and salt, and put over batter. Pour in 1 c. boiling water. Do not mix. Bake 350°.
title: Magic Eggnog Sauce instructions: Beat eggs until foamy in top of a double boiler; stir in condensed milk. Cook over hot, not boiling, water 10 minutes. Stir rum flavoring and nutmeg; fold in whipped cream. Serve hot or cold over fruitcake or ice cream. Yield: about 2 cups.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Combine baking soda, flour and salt with wire whisk. Cream butter and sugar together. Add eggs, banana and vanilla; beat until medium thick. Add flour mixture. Blend on low speed until combined. Bake at 325° for 60 to 70 minutes.
title: Lemon Jell-O Cake instructions: Mix together first four ingredients. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each egg. Pour in Bundt pan that has been oiled and floured.
title: Possum Pie instructions: Cream together powdered sugar and cream cheese; set aside. Mix vanilla and chocolate pudding mixes with milk. Spread cream cheese mixture on bottom of cooled pie shell. Spread the pudding over this layer. Top with whipped cream. Arrange pecan halves on the whipped cream. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Broccoli Corn Muffin Bread instructions: Chop onions. Cook broccoli; drain well. Combine onions, broccoli, eggs, margarine, salt, corn muffin mix and milk. Pour into greased 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Bake for 35 minutes at 350°. Sprinkle cheese over top and return to oven until cheese is melted.
title: Golden Fish Fillets With Onions instructions: About 45 minutes before serving, in 2 tablespoons of butter or margarine in large skillet, saute onion until tender. Remove to platter; keep warm. Meanwhile, combine flour with salt, pepper and paprika. In it lay sole or flounder fillets, halved crosswise. Turn until coated.
title: Quick Lemon Bread(Jennifer Vail)   instructions: Combine sugar, butter, extract and juice. Beat in eggs, one at a time, until smooth. In a separate bowl, mix flour, baking powder and salt. Stir in the wet ingredients alternately with the milk. Add the lemon rind and pecans. Pour batter into a greased 4 1/2 x 8 1/2-inch loaf pan. Bake for about 1 hour or until a toothpick comes out clean.
title: Cabbage Rolls instructions: Preparing cabbage: Remove core and place head in a large pot of boiling water. Cover and cook 5 to 10 minutes. Separate leaves and cut out heavy ribs.
title: Christmas Morning Pie instructions: Line pie pans with pie shells.	In bowl, combine sausage and cheeses. Place half of mixture in each shell. Combine eggs, milk, onion and peppers. Pour half over sausage in each shell. Bake at 350° for 55 to 60 minutes or until knife inserted near center comes out clean. Let stand 5 minutes before cutting.
title: Cauliflower Delight instructions: Cut up lettuce. Chop cauliflower and onion. Fry bacon until crisp. Crumble into bits. Sprinkle over lettuce mixture.
title: Spicy Apple Cake instructions: Beat together sugar and eggs until fluffy. Add oil, juice and vanilla. Beat well. Mix dry ingredients together and stir into egg mixture just until blended. Do not beat. Stir in apples, coconut and nuts. Pour into a greased 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour or until cake tests done in the center. Pour the following glaze over cake while cake is still warm.
title: Hush Puppies instructions: Mix all together well and drop by small balls into hot oil. Fry only a few at a time, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve hot.
title: Orange Salad instructions: Combine tapioca pudding and orange jello with 3 cups cold water. Cook until clear or until boiling stage over medium heat. Cool. Drain the crushed pineapple and mandarin oranges. Fold Cool Whip, miniature marshmallows, crushed pineapple and mandarin oranges into the cooled mixture. Place in 9 x 13-inch pan or jello mold and refrigerate until set.
title: Ginger Cookies instructions: Dissolve soda in hot water. Mix all ingredients and add enough flour to stiffen. Roll on a floured board. Cut in desired shapes and place on a greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Simmer chicken breasts until tender. Save chicken broth. Cool chicken and cut into large pieces. Mix cornbread stuffing in melted margarine. Put half of the stuffing into a large baking dish. Add chicken, then mushroom and chicken soups mixed with 1 cup broth and 1 cup water. Pour over mixture and add remainder of crumbs on top. Bake at 350° until hot.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli until done; drain. Mix eggs, mayonnaise, soup, onion, Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper. Pour over broccoli in a greased casserole dish. Top with Cheddar cheese and crushed Ritz crackers. Place in oven, preheated to 350°. Bake about 30 minutes or until firm. Serves 6.
title: Congo Cookies instructions: Cream together sugar and margarine or butter. Add eggs, one at a time. Sift together flour, salt and baking powder. Add to mixture. Add chips. Bake in 350° oven for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Macaroon Pie instructions: Generously butter and flour an 8-inch pie pan; set aside. Preheat oven to 300°. Beat egg whites until foamy, then gradually add the sugar and beat until stiff. Fold in remaining ingredients. Pour into the prepared pie pan and bake for 45 to 50 minutes. Cool completely. Serve topped with scoop of ice cream or whipped cream.
title: Baked Squash instructions: Bake at 400° until begins to brown.
title: Zesty Salmon Burgers instructions: Combine the first 9 ingredients; mix well. Shape into 4 patties. In a skillet over medium heat, cook patties in butter until browned, about 6 minutes on each side. Serve on rolls with lettuce. Yield: 4 servings.
title: Cocoa Kisses instructions: Preheat oven to 275°. Beat egg whites until foamy. Add cream of tartar and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in sugar, a few tablespoons at a time. Beat until stiff. Fold in cocoa. Spray a baking sheet with a nonstick vegetable spray. Drop batter by level teaspoon onto baking sheet. Bake 18 to 20 minutes. Cool before removing from baking sheet. Store in tight container. Makes 8 dozen cookies. Per cookie: calories-9, fat-O grams, sodium-2 milligrams, cholesterol-0 milligrams.
title: Apple Salad instructions: In saucepan, combine pineapple and sugar; bring to a boil. Boil for 3 minutes; add gelatin and stir until dissolved. Add cream cheese. Stir; cool. Fold in apples, nuts, celery and whipped topping. Pour into 9-inch pan. Chill until firm (2 hours or so).
title: Gingersnaps instructions: Heat to boiling point the molasses. Pour it over shortening. Sift together and stir this into the flour, baking soda, ginger and salt. Shape 1/4 the mixture at a time, keeping the rest of the dough in the refrigerator until you are ready to cut it out. Roll as thin as possible; cut with small, round cutter. Bake at 350° until crisp and dry (8 to 10 minutes). Makes 100 or more. Keeps well.
title: Pickled Peaches instructions: Put peach syrup in a saucepan, add spices and vinegar. Bring to a boil then simmer for 5 minutes. Pour over peaches, cover and refrigerate.
title: Oatmeal Bread For Bread Machine instructions: Place ingredients in bread machine. Select "white bread" setting. Yield: 1 large loaf.
title: Italian Vegetable Pizzas instructions: Prepare vegetables according to package directions, omitting water. Stir in Parmesan cheese. Spread pizza sauce on each muffin half. Top with vegetable mixture and Mozzarella cheese. Broil to melt cheese or microwave on High (100%) for 2 minutes. Makes 4 servings.
title: Chicken Parmesan instructions: Pound chicken breasts until tender. Mix eggs and water in a bowl. Pour bread crumbs onto a plate. Dip chicken into egg mixture, then roll in bread crumbs. Brown the breaded chicken in skillet of oil; drain. Place chicken in ungreased casserole dish. Cover with spaghetti sauce and top with cheese.
title: Camp Biscuits instructions: Cut in shortening. Stir in milk quickly and knead lightly for a few seconds, using as little flour as possible on board. Roll to 1/4-inch thickness and cut with floured cutter. Cook in lightly greased hot skillet over very low heat until biscuits are brown on underside and raised to height of 1-inch. Turn and brown on other side.
title: Chicken Desirie instructions: Spray Pam on a 9 x 13 Pyrex dish. Place cheese on top of each chicken breast. Mix soup and white wine and pour over chicken. Sprinkle herb seasoned bread crumbs over the top and pour margarine over crumbs. Bake, uncovered, at 350° about an hour.
title: Potato Chip Cookies instructions: Cream shortening and sugars; stir in eggs and mix well. Combine together flour, salt, baking soda and chips and add to creamed mixture. Shape into little balls and place on ungreased cookie sheet. Press down with floured fork. Bake at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Oven Baked Chicken And Rice instructions: Turn oven to 350° to heat. Put whole chicken in big baking dish along with onion, bell peppers, celery, salt and black pepper. Then add the four cups of water. Then let chicken bake for 35 minutes. Then add mushroom soup and long grain rice. Bake for another 30 minutes. Please cover rice and chicken while baking. Take out of oven. Serves 10.
title: Sherried Chicken instructions: Put chicken in oblong dish or pan, skin side up. Bake, uncovered, at 400° for a few minutes. Dissolve bouillon in water. Stir in soup and sherry. Pour over chicken. Cover with foil and cook at 250° for 4 hours. Serve over rice.
title: Crawfish Stuffed Peppers instructions: Saute onions, bell pepper, celery and garlic in butter or oleo until light brown. Add parsley, crawfish tails and French bread that has been soaked in water and squeezed out. Add salt and Tabasco sauce. Blend thoroughly. Remove from heat. Add egg and blend. Remove seeds and membranes from bell pepper halves and cook in boiling salted water about 5 minutes. Drain. Pile crawfish mixture into pepper shells. Garnish with whole crawfish tails, if desired. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes. Makes 10 stuffed halves, about 5 servings.
title: Watergate Salad instructions: Mix pudding mix and pineapple. Add nuts, marshmallows and Cool Whip.
title: Hot Crab Dip instructions: Pour lemon juice over crab meat and let drain. Combine remaining ingredients in saucepan and add crab. Heat slowly and serve over assorted crackers.
title: Potato Soup instructions: Place potatoes in a large saucepan with 4 cups of water. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 10 to 15 minutes. Potatoes should be tender. Drain well. Add milk and vegetables. Bring to a gentle boil. Add cheese and butter. Heat over low heat, stirring frequently until cheese is melted.
title: Yeast Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup warm water (warm to touch) with 1 teaspoon sugar. Set aside. Measure unsifted flour into the mixing bowl. Set aside. Combine remaining sugar and salt. Set aside. Bring milk to boil over medium heat. Remove from heat and add sugar and salt. Stir well. Simmer until warm. Add eggs and yeast. Stir well. Pour into flour, a little at a time. After mixing, add shortening. Mix well. (Dough will be sticky.) Knead until smooth. Add flour to smooth out stickiness. Knead for about 5 minutes. Let stand in covered pan until it has risen until double in size, about 1 1/2 hours at room temperature. Roll out into rolls or cut out shapes. Place rolls on a greased pan, then let them rise again (2 hours). Bake at 400° until they are brown. Makes about 24.
title: Pineapple Salad instructions: Place juice from pineapple into double boiler. When hot, add sugar, flour, salt and eggs. Cook until thick and let cool. Fold Cool Whip into pudding mixture. Add fruit and nuts. Mix well. Cover and let stand in refrigerator for at least 2 hours.
title: Berried Treasure Pie instructions: Beat cream cheese with sugar and 2 tablespoons milk in bowl until smooth. Spread evenly in bottom of pie crust. Arrange strawberries on cream cheese mixture. Prepare whipped topping as directed on package. Prepare pie filling mix with 1 cup of milk as directed on package for pie. Fold in 1 cup whipped topping. Spoon into pie crust and chill until set, about 2 hours. Garnish with remaining whipped topping and additional strawberries.
title: Hamburger Casserole instructions: Mix all together; put in casserole. Cover and bake 1 1/2 hours at 350°.
title: Luscious Lasagna instructions: Brown hamburger with onion, garlic and parsley. Set aside. Combine tomato paste, sauce and stewed tomatoes in a large pot. Add a 14 1/2 ounce can full of water. Add hamburger and seasonings to taste. Simmer on low until thick, about 3 to 4 hours.
title: Mom'S Squash Pie instructions: Mix flour, sugar and salt; next mix egg and milk all together. Add squash and flavoring. Pour into pie shell and bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Green Bean And Potato Casserole instructions: Combine all ingredients together in casserole dish except for the bread crumbs; mix well. Top with bread crumbs and bake 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Pasta Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together and chill.
title: Chipped Beef Dip Or Spread instructions: Mix all ingredients until smooth. Place nuts on top (optional).
title: Grated Sweet Potato Pudding instructions: Mix well and pour in greased 1 1/2-quart baking dish. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Sausage-Grits Casserole instructions: Cook grits according to package directions. Set aside. Crumble sausage in a large skillet. Add onion and green pepper. Cook over medium heat until meat is browned and vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally. Drain well.
title: Hawaiian Delight instructions: Let jello start to jell; mix in drained pineapple. Then add banana slices. Mix well. Let jell, then top with Cool Whip.
title: Very Good Rolls instructions: Pour boiling water over shortening and stir until melted. Add sugar and salt and mix well. Add eggs. Place yeast in lukewarm water with the sugar to activate it. Combine the two mixtures. Sift flour into mixture. Blend well and place in refrigerator. Roll out dough in circles and fold like an envelope. Place on greased cookie sheet and let rise for 2 hours. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes or until brown. Dough can be kept in refrigerator for up to 10 days. Serves 20.
title: German Chocolate Upside-Down Cake instructions: Grease 9 x 13 pan. Mix coconut and nuts. Spread in pan. Prepare cake mix as directed. Pour over nut mixture in pan. Heat margarine and cream cheese. Stir in sugar; mix well. Spoon over cake mix. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes. Cool before cutting.
title: Nonfat Yogurt Cheese instructions: You may drain yogurt, using any one of several different methods:
title: Chili Cheese Log instructions: Grate Cheddar cheese into a 1-quart bowl. Add cream cheese and other ingredients. Mix until well blended. Shape into small logs or balls. Roll in chili powder on waxed paper. Refrigerate until solid, then wrap in waxed paper and Reynolds Wrap. Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
title: Pizza Cups instructions: Brown and drain beef. Stir in tomato paste, onion and seasoning. Cook over low heat for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Place biscuits in a greased muffin pan, pressing to cover bottom and sides. Spoon 1/4 cup of meat mixture into biscuit-lined cups and sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 400° for 12 minutes.
title: Dried Peaches instructions: Peel and cut peaches in quarters. Add sugar and vinegar, let stand 3 hours or until juice comes up in sight. Cook till thick.
title: Broccoli Cauliflower Medley instructions: Chop in large bowl the broccoli, cauliflower and onions. Add remaining ingredients and toss well. Put in covered bowl and refrigerate.
title: Diabetic Cookies instructions: Boil first 3 ingredients together for 10 minutes. Let cool. Then add all other ingredients and mix well. Refrigerate to chill.
title: Salmon Loaf instructions: Combine all ingredients and mix thoroughly. Turn into a well greased loaf pan. Bake 30 minutes in a 350° oven. Serve with white sauce or catsup. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Luscious Butterscotch Yams instructions: Cook, peel and quarter yams (may substitute with 2 cans, 17 ounces each). Place in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Bake in 325° oven for 15 minutes. In saucepan, mix remaining ingredients. May use dark or light brown sugar and pack 1/2 cup. Stir constantly. Bring	to boil and boil 5 minutes. Pour over yams. Bake, basting often, 15 minutes more. Serves 6.
title: Banana Split Cake instructions: Mix and press into bottom of large oblong pan.
title: Hawaiian Beans instructions: Fry bacon and onion, drain. Mix together all ingredients and bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Baklava instructions: Brush leaves with butter as you stack 10 to 20 leaves in 13 x 9-inch pan.
title: Dill Cucumber Sandwiches instructions: Mix together cream cheese, the packet of dressing mix and 2 tablespoons milk (better prepared the day before). Spread bread slice with cream cheese mixture. Top with cucumber slice, then sprinkle with dill weed.
title: Cranberry Punch instructions: Combine cranberry juice and orange juice. Add sugar and egg white. Beat with rotary eggbeater until foamy and well blended. Pour into tall glasses. Top with scoop of ice cream.
title: Real Strawberry Shortcake instructions: Make pudding as per directions; let stand until firm. Add and mix in condensed milk and crushed strawberries. Cut cake in 3/4-inch slices. Layer cake, pudding mixture and sliced strawberries until all pudding and strawberries are used up. All you need now is a spoon and a little time.
title: Lindsay'S Chicken instructions: Flatten chicken slightly and dust with flour. Mix eggs with Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons parsley, salt and pepper. Dip chicken in egg mixture. Heat oil in pan and brown chicken on both sides over medium-high heat. Discard oil and wipe pan out. Melt butter in pan. Add chicken broth and 2 tablespoons parsley. Squeeze juice from lemon in sauce and put lemon in sauce. Return chicken to pan. Simmer 10 minutes or until tender. Add wine and pepper. Simmer 5 minutes. Remove to serving dish. Pour sauce over chicken and garnish with lemon and parsley.
title: Ham Salad Spread(For Food Processor)   instructions: Position knife blade in bowl. Add ham. Process until ground, about 10 seconds. Transfer to mixing bowl. Re-position knife blade in bowl. Add onion, celery and pickle. Process until ground, about 10 seconds. Add to ham along with mayonnaise and pepper. Mix together.
title: Microwave Peanut Brittle instructions: Place in 1 1/2 quart casserole - stir together sugar and corn syrup. Microwave on high for 4 minutes. Stir in 1 cup salted peanuts. Microwave 3-5 minutes until light brown color. Blend in well 1 teaspoon butter and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Microwave on high 1-2 minutes or until peanuts are light brown. Add gently 1 teaspoon soda. Stir until light and foamy. Pour out on well buttered cookie sheet. Cool - break into pieces.
title: Mom'S Date Nut Bread instructions: Pour boiling water over dates and baking soda. Add rest of ingredients. Bake at 350° for 60 to 70 minutes in a greased loaf pan.
title: Breakfast Tortillas instructions: Fry tortillas in oil until browned. Set on paper towel to drain. Melt butter in frying pan. In bowl, add all other ingredients except bacon and stir until well mixed. Add mixture to frying pan, stirring constantly over medium heat until well mixed. Add mixture to frying pan, stirring constantly over medium heat until cheese is melted. Put on tortillas and top with bacon. Makes 2 servings.
title: Busy Day Lemon Cheese Cake instructions: Stir in cream cheese until very soft, blend in 1/2 cup milk. Add remaining milk and the pudding mix. Beat slowly with egg beater, just until well mixed, about 1 minute (do not overbeat). Pour at once into graham cracker crust. Sprinkle graham cracker crumbs lightly over top. Chill about one hour.
title: Cut Glass Dessert instructions: Prepare orange, lime and strawberry gelatin separately in 1 1/2 cups hot water and put in 3 separate shallow pans to gel. Dissolve lemon jello in 1 cup hot pineapple juice and 1/2 cup sugar. Let cool until slightly thickened. Whip the cream and add vanilla. Fold into lemon mixture. Cut 3 trays of jello into cubes and fold in gently to other mixture. Line pie pans with vanilla wafers. Pour in mixture and refrigerate.
title: Frozen Fruit Salad instructions: Combine milk and pie filling. Add oranges, pineapple and nuts. Fold in Cool Whip. Spread in 13 x 9-inch pan. cover and freeze. Remove from freezer 15 minutes before serving. Cut in squares and serve on lettuce-lined plates.
title: Chicken Spectacular instructions: Mix all ingredients. Pour into greased 3-quart casserole. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Makes 15 servings.
title: Stuffed Peppers instructions: Fix Rice-A-Roni as directed on box. Brown hamburger and onion with salt and pepper. Add to rice mix. Prepare 4 large bell peppers and arrange on casserole dish. Stuff and bake at 375° for 45 minutes. A meal in one with your favorite veggies.
title: Carrots With Rum Raisins instructions: Pour rum over raisins. Let stand 30 minutes. Cook onions in butter in 3-quart saucepan over low heat 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until onions begin to soften. Stir in carrots and raisins (with rum). Cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid has evaporated. Stir in wine, dill weed, salt and red pepper. Cover and cook over medium heat 25 minutes, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender. Stir in whipping cream. Heat to boiling. Boil uncovered 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Fettuccine Alfredo instructions: Drop fettuccine in the boiling water and cook until fettuccine comes to the surface, about 2 minutes. Drain at once and quickly place in warm bowl in which half the softened butter has been placed. Top with lumps of remaining butter and the cheese. Toss lightly, using fork and spoon, for about 2 minutes, until fettuccine is well coated and creamy sauce has formed. Serve sprinkled with freshly cracked pepper and additional grated cheese. Makes 4 servings.
title: Quick And Easy Caesar Salad instructions: In a large salad bowl place lettuce (torn into bite-size pieces), cucumber, 1/2 box of croutons, 1/2 of cheese, salt and pepper. Do not add dressing until you are ready to serve salad. Shake dressing well and pour approximately 1/2 to 3/4 of dressing on salad. Add salt and pepper to taste. Toss salad well. Garnish individual servings with tomatoes and onion. Sprinkle cheese on top, if desired.
title: Carrot Apple Bake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine lemon juice, sugar, ginger, cinnamon and water in large bowl. Add apple, carrots and oat bran cereal. Stir until well mixed. Stir in egg. Spoon into 9-inch square pan, lightly oiled. Cover with foil. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until carrots are tender.
title: Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Mix all together and pour into pie crust. Cover with another pie crust. Bake until brown.
title: Refrigerator Rolls instructions: Pour boiling water over shortening, sugar and salt. Blend and cool. Add eggs. Dissolve yeast in warm water and add to mixture. Add flour and blend well. Cover and place in refrigerator at least 4 hours. About 3 hours before using, roll out and cut. Brush with melted butter. Place on greased pan and allow to rise 3 hours. Bake at 425° for 12 to 14 minutes.
title: Doris' Corn Bread instructions: Mix sifted flour and meal together. Add other ingredients. Mix well. Pour about 2 tablespoons of oil in bread pan (13 x 6-inch) and heat in oven. Pour the corn bread mix into the heated pan. Stir. Bake at 350° for about 40 minutes.
title: Vegetable Pizza instructions: For crust: Unroll crescent rolls and pat into a 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 2-inch baking pan. Bake according to package instructions. Cool.
title: Cherry Coke Salad instructions: Heat to semi-boil the cherry pie filling and 1/2 cup water. Remove from heat. Add Jell-O and stir to dissolve. Add the pineapple, Coca-Cola and the nuts. Pour into 9 x 13 pan and chill.
title: Ham And Swiss Rolls instructions: Cut rolls in half. Mix margarine, brown sugar, mustard and Worcestershire sauce and bring to a boil. Brush mixture on insides of rolls. Put ham and cheese on each roll. Pour remaining mixture over top. Sprinkle tops with poppy seeds. Wrap in foil and marinate overnight. Bake at 350° with foil on top for several minutes until cheese melts and heats through.
title: Seafood Stew instructions: Cut fish into 1 inch cubes. In a large bowl, mix 1/4 cup of water, ginger root, salt, pepper, and garlic. Add fish and shrimp; toss to coat. Let stand for 20 minutes. Drain and reserve the marinade. In a large pot over medium-high heat, heat oil. Add fish and shrimp; stir fry for 3 minutes. Remove from heat, add reserved marinade, soy sauce and 2 cups of water, mixing well. Add vegetables and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 7 minutes. In a small bowl, combine cornstarch and water. Stir into the stew. Cook until it thickens, about 1 minute.
title: Low-Fat Potato Bites instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cut potatoes in half, then quarters and dice. Put in baking pan. Pour oil over potatoes using hands to make sure each potato has oil on it. Sprinkle with garlic salt. Put in oven and bake for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Surprise Cakes instructions: Sift the flour and sugar several times (4). Then mix rest of	ingredients together with flour. Beat until smooth. Using cupcake wrappers, fill cupcake pans 3/4 full. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Cut hole in top of cupcake. Clean the centers out. Fill with	whipping cream and replace cover. Frost with chocolate frosting.
title: Chocolate Fudge instructions: Combine sugar, milk, margarine, Marshmallow Creme and salt in a 4-quart saucepan. Stir over low heat until blended. Bring to a boil over moderate heat. Do not mistake escaping air bubbles for boiling. Boil slowly, stirring constantly for 5 minutes (to soft ball stage). Remove from heat; stir in chocolate, vanilla and nuts. Stir until chocolate is melted. Pour into 2 buttered 9 x 9-inch pans and cool. Yields 5 pounds. Recipe can be halved.
title: Orange Slice Cookie Bars instructions: Prepare sheet cake pan with Crisco and sprinkle with flour. Cut up orange slices finely (dredge in part of flour). Dip out some of your measured flour into orange slices and cut and separate them with fingers. Add mixed together the brown sugar, flour and salt, then orange slices and flour. Next, add eggs one at a time. Stir well and spread with spatula and floured fingers in prepared pan. Bake 30 to 40 minutes (depends on oven) at 325°. They will be light brown on top and dry to fingertips also. Move to wire rack to cool. While still warm, cut small bars and take out and roll in powdered sugar. When completely cool, place in sealed container to keep.
title: Seven Layer Salad instructions: Place peas in boiling water and boil 1 minute, drain and cool.
title: Pistachio Marble Cake instructions: Combine all ingredients except for the chocolate syrup in large mixer bowl. Beat at medium speed of electric mixer for 2 minutes. Pour 1/3 of batter in a separate bowl and stir in chocolate syrup. Spoon batters alternately into greased and floured 10-inch tube pan. Zig zag spatula through batter to marble. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes or until center springs back when lightly touched. Cool 15 minutes before removing from pan.
title: Fruit Salad instructions: Drain fruit and pineapple to make 1 c. of juice. Toss fruit cocktail, pineapple, bananas and oranges; set aside. Mix sugar, flour and small amount of juice. Add egg and beat. Add raisins and rest of juice. Cook until raisins puff up and mixture is thick. Cool. Add to fruit. Refrigerate.
title: Easy Hot Bread instructions: Grease muffin pan or spray with cooking spray. Mix all ingredients only until smooth (do not overmix). Drop mixture by teaspoons into muffin pan. Bake for 15 minutes at 450°.
title: Garlic Cheese Grits instructions: Bring first 3 ingredients to a boil in a large saucepan; gradually stir in grits. Return to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes or until thickened. Add Cheddar cheese and next 4 ingredients, stirring until cheese melts. Remove from heat; let stand 10 minutes. Stir in eggs, and pour into a lightly greased 11-inch by 7-inch baking dish or 2-quart casserole. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake grits at 350° for 1 hour or until set.
title: Microwave Caramel Corn instructions: Place popcorn in large paper bag. Mix the next 4 ingredients in a 2-quart bowl. Place in microwave for 1 1/2 minutes. Take out and stir. Pour in baking soda. Put back in microwave for 2 minutes on High. Take out and pour over popcorn in bag. Shake it then turn upside-down and put bag in microwave for 1 1/2 minutes. Take it out, shake and put back in microwave again for 1 1/2 minutes. Put in bowl or cookie sheet to cool.
title: Maple Syrup instructions: Stir sugar and water until sugar is dissolved. Add cream of tartar, stirring well. Boil for 5 minutes and remove from heat. Stir in flavoring. Let stand until cool. Pour into jar.
title: Corn Bread Pie instructions: Mix cornmeal, flour and sugar. Moisten with egg and milk. Drop by spoonfuls on top of meat mixture. Bake at 425° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Seafood Dip instructions: Stir the softened cream cheese until slightly smooth. Add crabmeat, onion, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce and Tabasco sauce. Spread the mixture in a 9-inch pie plate. Top with walnuts and sprinkle with paprika. Bake, uncovered, at 375° for 25 minutes until lightly browned.
title: Garden Macaroni Salad instructions: Stir together first 3 ingredients. Add remaining ingredients; toss. Cover and chill. Makes 8 cups.
title: Chicken Divan instructions: Boil chicken and debone. Cook broccoli according to package directions. Set aside. Mix together soups and mayonnaise.
title: Artichoke Dip instructions: Mix and pour into a buttered pan. Bake for 30 minutes at 350°.
title: Microwave Sausage-Cheese Dip instructions: Cook ground beef and sausage in skillet until brown and crumbly. Drain and set aside. Combine remaining ingredients in 8-cup heatproof glass container. Microwave on Medium-high until cheese melts, stirring often. Stir in meat mixture. Serve with chips or fresh vegetables.
title: Bisquick Cake instructions: Stir ingredients together and pour into greased and floured Bundt pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Blend corn syrup, sugar, eggs, vanilla and peanut butter in a bowl. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake in hot oven (400°) for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350° and bake 30 to 35 minutes longer.
title: Apple Bread Pudding instructions: Spread bread on both sides with butter. Cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Place half the cubes in a buttered shallow baking dish. Mix apples, lemon juice and rind, both sugars, cinnamon and raisins. Spoon over bread and top with remaining bread cubes. Pour cream over bread. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Sprinkle on pecan halves and return to oven for 10 minutes. Serve in sauce dish with cream.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Combine pumpkin, eggs, oil, sugar and water in a large mixing bowl. In smaller bowl, combine dry ingredients. Add dry ingredients to large bowl and stir until combined. Pour into two greased and floured loaf pans. Bake at 350° for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Allow to cool in pan for 30 minutes before removing.
title: Corn-Tomato Casserole instructions: Mix corn and	tomatoes in saucepan.	Add seasonings, pepper, onion and 1 1/2 slices bread (broken). Measure in 5 tablespoons melted butter. Bring to a simmer on medium heat for about 3 minutes, stirring often.	Break 1 slice of bread into remaining	butter. Butter casserole. Pour in corn mixture; top with buttered bread crumbs. Bake at 350° about 25 minutes.
title: French Silk Pie instructions: Beat the egg whites in a mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Add 1 cup sugar gradually until very stiff peaks form. Fold in cracker crumbs, 1/2 cup pecans and vanilla. Spread in a greased pie plate. Bake at 325° for 30 minutes. Cool completely.
title: Caramel Popcorn instructions: Boil until slightly brown around edges. Add 1/4 teaspoon soda. Boil, stirring constantly. Pour over popcorn, mix until covered; lay out to dry.
title: Pumpkin Cheese Cake Bars instructions: In medium bowl, combine flour and brown sugar. Cut in butter to make a crumb mixture. Stir in nuts; set aside 3/4 cup mixture for topping. Press remaining mixture into bottom of 8-inch square baking pan. Bake in preheated oven at 350° for 15 minutes. Cool slightly. In large mixer bowl, combine cream cheese, granulated sugar, pumpkin, eggs, cinnamon, allspice and vanilla; blend until	smooth. Pour over baked crust. Sprinkle with remaining topping.	Bake an additional 35 to 40 minutes or until firm. Cool. Cut in bars.
title: Chicken Noodle Bake instructions: In a buttered medium-size casserole dish, blend soup and milk. Stir in cooked noodles, chicken and pimento. Top with buttered bread crumbs. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Yield: 3 to 4 servings.
title: Peanut Brittle instructions: Cook sugar, syrup and water until it forms a hard ball in water. Then add nuts and cook until peanuts are golden brown, stirring constantly. Take from stove and add vanilla and butter. Stir well, then add soda. Stir well and pour into greased pan. A big cookie sheet is best. Be sure you pour it into a tin pan so when you press on the bottom it will come out easy.
title: Cheese-Garlic Biscuits instructions: Mix Bisquick, milk and cheese until soft dough forms. Beat well for 30 seconds. Drop dough (teaspoon) on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes at 450°, until golden brown. Brush butter-garlic powder mix over tops of warm biscuits. Serve. Yields 10 to 12.
title: Orange Carrots instructions: Peel and cut carrots into 3-inch pieces. Cook in boiling water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Place in 9-inch baking dish. Melt butter. Add sugar and flour. Mix well. Add orange zest and orange juice. Boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Pour over carrots. Bake 15 minutes. Serves 6.
title: The Chocolate Chip Cookie instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and vanilla flavoring and beat. Mix with a whisk all dry ingredients and add to butter, sugar and eggs. Blend. Stir in nuts and chocolate chips. Drop golf-ball sized dough onto an ungreased cookie sheet about 1-inch apart. Bake 10 to 12 minutes at 375°. Makes about 50 cookies.
title: Lime Congealed Salad instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in the water. Cut cream cheese in small pieces. Add all other ingredients. Put in refrigerator to congeal.
title: Squash Dressing instructions: Cook squash in salt water until tender. Drain and mash. Melt oleo in small pan. Saute onions, pepper and vegetables. Add cornbread and squash. Mix well. Pour into greased casserole dish. Bake at 400° about 50 minutes until lightly brown.
title: Baked Spaghetti instructions: Partially cook the onion, garlic and chopped green pepper in the oil. Add meat slowly (in bite size bits) and brown slightly. Add the spaghetti sauce and mix well. Add mushrooms. Add the tomato sauce, paste and whole pack tomatoes. Partially cook the spaghetti which has been broken into 3 to 4-inch pieces. Salt, if desired. Combine the spaghetti with the sauce mixture and mix well. Layer into a large casserole, topping each layer with grated cheese. Bake at 350° for about 1 hour.
title: Famous Carrot Cake instructions: Mix ingredients together, then add carrots, nuts and pineapple. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes. Oil and flour pan.
title: Deluxe Pizza Bagels instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cook ground beef over medium heat until brown and crumbly. Remove beef from skillet with slotted spoon; drain on paper towels. Arrange bagels cut side up on ungreased baking sheet. Spread pizza sauce over bagels; sprinkle with beef. Divide onions, mushrooms and olives evenly among bagels. Combine Mozzarella and Cheddar cheese in small bowl. Sprinkle over bagels. Bake until cheese is bubbly, approximately 10 minutes. Serves 6.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Add pecans that have been cut into halves. Pour all of these ingredients into the pie shell. Bake at 400° for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350° and bake for another 30 minutes. Pie should be cooled until firm.
title: Strawberry Pizza instructions: Spread cookie dough on 2 (9-inch) round tins or 1 (13 x 14-inch) pizza pan for crust. Bake and cool. Whip together cream cheese, sour cream and powdered sugar; spread on crust. Arrange strawberries, cut in half, on top of cream mixture. Top with Glaze. Garnish with whipped cream if desired.
title: Swiss Steak instructions: Cut up steak and trim away all fat. Flour pieces and fry in a heavy skillet until browned well on both sides. Set aside in a 1 1/2-quart casserole.
title: Cherry Salad instructions: Mix and put on top of jello. Let set awhile.
title: Lemon Butter Or Curd instructions: Mix all together in a heavy saucepan and cook over low heat until thickened. Can in small jelly jars or use the whole amount. Cool and refrigerate. Spread on fruit breads, bagels or as a jam.
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Mix first 8 ingredients. In a separate bowl, mix the hot water and oats. Do not cook oats! Mix both together. Bake at 350°.
title: Rum Balls instructions: Mix well. Roll mixture into 4x sugar to coat. Store in airtight container for several days. Keeps well.
title: Hot Milk Cake instructions: Blend sugar and eggs together and beat until creamy. Put milk and butter in small pan and heat until warm. Add flour to sugar and egg mix and add milk and butter a little at a time until all used up. Add baking powder and vanilla; mix a little more. Put in two 9-inch pans and bake in 350° oven until brown, about 35 minutes. Use any frosting.
title: Beans For Tacos instructions: Cook soaked beans several hours until tender. Add ingredients and continue to simmer. Make sure beans are always covered with enough water.
title: Crock-Pot Macaroni instructions: Cook macaroni noodles. Mix all ingredients together well. Cook 4 hours on low. Put slices of cheese on top if desired.
title: Hot Artichoke Dip With Crab(Makes 50 Servings)   instructions: Preheat oven to 350° for at least 20 minutes. Center 1 Reynolds Pot Lux Cookware (2-quart) pan on a cookie sheet so pan does not hang over sides. Combine artichoke hearts, mayonnaise, cheese, crabmeat, pimientos, mustard and garlic salt in a bowl until well blended. Spoon mixture into pan. Bake on cookie sheet placed in middle oven rack in center of oven 25 to 30 minutes or until hot. Use cookie sheet to remove pan from oven. Let stand at least 2 minutes before lifting pan by handles. Serve hot with crackers.
title: Arizona Baked Frijoles instructions: Cover beans with cold water; let stand overnight. In the morning, drain and cook with fresh water to which salt and soda have been added. Let the beans simmer until tender. Place onions and honey in the bottom of a casserole and cover them with the drained beans. Add seasonings. Rub the lid of the casserole thoroughly with the halved clove of garlic. Cover and bake at 450° until completely tender.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Combine eggs, sugar and butter in a bowl. Mix well. Stir in pineapple and sweet potatoes. Pour into greased casserole dish. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes or until potatoes are tender.
title: Pork With Wild Rice instructions: Mix contents of box, soup and water in shallow 10-inch casserole. Add mushrooms; arrange pork chops on top. Sprinkle with salt and paprika. Bake, uncovered, for 1 hour and 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Pork Barbecue Sandwiches instructions: Cook pork and cut in cubes. Mix all ingredients with meat. Simmer until consistency desired. Serve on buns.
title: Baked Chicken Breast With Sauce instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Place butter in 9 x 13-inch dish and melt. In plastic bag combine flour, salt, pepper and paprika. Shake to blend. Add chicken one piece at a time. Shake to coat. Place in dish and bake in hot oven for 30 minutes. Turn chicken pieces over and bake few more minutes while you make sauce.
title: Indian Fried Bread instructions: Make a soft dough, using the first 3 ingredients and a little shortening. Add enough milk to mix; cut this together. Drop by spoonfuls into hot grease; let fry until brown and crisp. Serve hot.
title: Chicken And Broccoli Casserole instructions: Boil chicken until tender and boil broccoli until tender. In a bowl mix soup, sour cream, mayonnaise and 1/2 cup bread crumbs together. In a baking dish spread cut up chicken breasts, then broccoli and top with mixture. Sprinkle remaining bread crumbs on top. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Tuna Noodle Casserole instructions: Boil noodles until done, drain. Add tuna, drained, soup and 1 1/2 cans of water. Drain and add peas and mushrooms. Mix thoroughly and simmer until warm. Salt and pepper to taste. Quick and delicious.
title: Sauteed Cabbage And Apples instructions: Peel, core and chop apples. Melt butter (bacon drippings may be used if you prefer). Add apples, cabbage, onions, Season-All and nutmeg. Mix well. Cover and cook over low heat 20 minutes, stirring frequently. Combine vinegar, sugar and red pepper. Add to cabbage. Cook 5 minutes longer. Stir in nuts or serve with nuts sprinkled over top. This is one of those dishes you will find even better when reheated. Excellent served with pork, duckling, goose and game. Serves 4 to 5.
title: Mrs. Barrett'S Sugar Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix all ingredients together until smooth. Grease cookie sheets or use parchment paper. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until lightly browned. Cookies are very light and will melt in your mouth.
title: Manhattan Meat Loaf instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Spray cookie sheet with Pam. Spread wax paper on counter. Roll hamburg into a large ball. Place hamburg on wax paper. Punch a hole in hamburg with fist. Crack and drop egg into well. Ring the top of well with ketchup. Ring the bottom of well with bread crumbs. Season with salt, pepper and thyme. Sprinkle on the whiskey and vermouth. Knead entire mixture until all is combined. Add more bread crumbs, if necessary. Spread out 18-inch wax paper. Transfer mixture to wax paper. Roll out in a rectangle 5 x 9 x 1/4-inch. Alternate ham and cheese slices. Roll up like a jelly roll. Tuck in all corners. Place on greased sheet. Bake 1 hour.
title: Domenica'S Ciambellone instructions: Mix sugar, Crisco; add eggs and beat well. Add anise, lemon rind, milk, baking powder and flour. Last, add wine to batter and beat well. Pour batter into tube pan. If desired; sprinkle batter with sugar or confetti. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Cincinnati-Style Chili instructions: Cook the first 3 ingredients until meat is brown. Add next 4 ingredients to meat mixture and bring to a boil. Add all remaining ingredients. Cover and simmer on low heat for 1 hour.
title: 7 Layer Salad instructions: Place the first 5 ingredients in a large salad bowl. Layer them; do not mix them together. Spread over 2 cups salad dressing to seal in the 5 ingredients. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons sugar over salad dressing. Fry 1/2 pound bacon until very crisp, then cool, crumble and sprinkle over the top. Also sprinkle 1/2 pound grated Cheddar cheese. Cover and chill for 8 hours.
title: Oreo Cookie Dessert instructions: Put cookies in blender or food processor to crumble up fine, then set aside. Cream the cream cheese and powdered sugar, then set aside. Mix pudding and milk together, then add cream cheese mixture to the pudding mix. Fold in Cool Whip. In 9 x 13-inch dish, put a layer of Oreo mixture, then pudding mix; repeat this until all used up ending with Oreo mixture on top.
title: Grilled Coriander Pepper Pork Chops instructions: Heat outdoor grill. Combine all ingredients except pork chops. Place chops in shallow dish and pour marinade over them. Marinate 30 minutes. Drain pork, discarding marinade. Grill chops over indirect medium-hot heat 12 to 15 minutes, turning once.
title: Chicken Avocado Rice Salad instructions: * Four small to medium-size breast halves on a plate covered with plastic lid will cook in 5 minutes in microwave.
title: Vidalia Onion Casserole instructions: In greased casserole, arrange onions. Mix together other ingredients except cracker crumbs and pour over onions. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes. Top with cracker crumbs.
title: Ham And Cheese Scones instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Lightly spoon flour into dry measuring cup; level with a knife. Combine flour, baking powder, sugar, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in cheese and ham. Combine buttermilk and egg whites, stirring with a whisk. Add to flour mixture, stirring just until moist. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface; knead lightly 4 to 5 times with floured hands. Pat dough into an 8-inch circle on a baking sheet coated with cooking spray. Cut dough into 8 wedges, cutting into but not through dough. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes or until lightly browned. Makes 8 servings.
title: Squash Fritters instructions: Combine squash, sugar, salt, flour, onion and pepper. Add beaten eggs and melted butter; mix. Drop by tablespoons onto oiled griddle. Cook on both sides until brown. Serve immediately.
title: Cocktail Meatballs instructions: Combine ground beef with eggs, garlic, salt and pepper to taste. Form into walnut-size balls. Brown in a skillet with a little margarine or oil, if necessary.
title: Extra-Ordinary Ambrosia instructions: Blend eggs, pineapple juice, flour, sugar and vinegar until smooth. Cook over medium heat until sauce thickens. Remove from heat. In a large bowl, blend all fruits and nuts. Pour egg sauce over fruit mix; blend well. Chill and serve.
title: Sweet Chex-Mix instructions: Mix brown sugar, butter and syrup. Boil for 3 to 4 minutes in microwave. Add baking soda and vanilla; stir it up good. Spray paper bag with Pam. Pour box of cereal in bag, then add mixture. Stir up good. Put in microwave and cook on Full power for 1 1/2 minutes. Shake bag well. Put back in 1 1/2 minutes. Shake well again. Put back in 1 minute more, then shake. Pour onto wax paper.
title: Green Bean Bake instructions: In 1 1/2-quart casserole dish, blend soup, milk, soy sauce and pepper. Stir in beans and 1/2 of onions. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Stir. Top with remaining onions and continue baking for 5 minutes. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Steak Teriyaki instructions: Place steaks in shallow pan. Mix together, blending well, brown sugar, soy sauce, ginger, garlic and sesame oil. Pour over steaks. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight. Turn steaks occasionally.
title: Broccoli Cheese Casserole instructions: Crumble broccoli on bottom of pan. Mix remainder of ingredients together. Pour over top of broccoli. Cubes of chicken or turkey may be added for a complete meal. Bake at 425° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Pizzaria instructions: *Onions, olives, mushrooms, tomatoes, bell peppers, pepperoni, sausage, Canadian bacon, etc.
title: Pizza Casserole instructions: Brown ground beef and onion in large skillet; drain grease. Add tomato sauce, water, spices and macaroni. Mix thoroughly. In greased 8 x 10-inch casserole dish, layer one-half of beef mixture and top with half of cheese. Layer remaining beef mixture on top of cheese; top with remaining cheese and pepperoni slices. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Cook chicken. Remove from broth. Strain broth, reserving 2 2/3 cups. Bone chicken and cut in small pieces. Combine chicken soup with 1/2 of broth; mix well. Combine mushroom soup with remaining broth and mix well. Combine stuffing mix and butter. Reserve 1/4 for garnish. Spoon 1/2 of remaining stuffing into greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Now layer chicken, soup mixture, chicken, mushroom soup mixture and remaining stuffing mixture. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Remove casserole from refrigerator 15 minutes before baking. Uncover and bake at 350° for 30 to 45 minutes. Serves 8 to 10.
title: No-Bake Cheesecake instructions: Line a 9 x 13-inch pan with graham crackers. Soften cream cheese and beat with vanilla and sugar. Fold in Cool Whip. Pour over crackers. Top with pie filling. Refrigerate at least 4 hours before serving.
title: Fresh Strawberry Pie instructions: Combine sugar, water, cornstarch and salt; cook until clear. Remove from heat; add red food coloring and gelatin. Stir well and allow to cool. Put strawberries in prebaked pie shell. Pour sauce over berries and chill top with whipped cream or Cool Whip; serve.
title: Broccoli-Cauliflower Bake instructions: Cook or steam vegetables until almost done. Mix soup with milk and mayonnaise. Beat for 2 minutes. Melt butter. Crumble crackers in fine pieces. In pan, layer mixed vegetables, then soup mixture, then cheese. Mix crackers in butter and sprinkle on top. Salt and pepper to taste. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes or until cheese has melted.
title: Cheesy Chicken Casserole instructions: Cut broccoli spears into bite size pieces and place in bottom of greased crock-pot. In saucepan, blend milk, cream cheese, salt, garlic salt and Parmesan cheese over low heat until melted and smooth. Pour one cup over broccoli; top with sliced chicken. Pour remaining sauce over chicken. Cover and cook on low 4 to 6 hours. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Wet Chocolate Cake instructions: Sift together flour and sugar. In saucepan add butter, cocoa and warm water. Bring to boil and pour over dry ingredients. Mix well, then add buttermilk, baking soda, eggs and vanilla. Mix well. Pour in large oblong pan. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes.
title: Mr. Bill'S Fruit Crisp instructions: Peel, core and slice apples. Add applesauce, cherries and raisins. Combine sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon and nutmeg, then add to fruit. Stir in vanilla.
title: Vanilla Cream Caramels instructions: Stir the sugar, Karo, butter and 1 cup cream over low heat until sugar dissolves. Cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat to 240°. Reduce heat. Add slowly the second cup of cream. Increase heat to medium and bring to 245°. Pour at once, without scraping, onto buttered 9 x 13-inch pan or marble slab (with sides). (Scrape bottom and sides of pan onto a second buttered pan; this candy will be more brittle, but is still great for eating.)
title: Whitefish Poached In Wine instructions: In buttered pie pan put 1 tablespoon shallots on bottom, layer fish on top in single layer. Cover with remaining shallots and the mushrooms, dot with butter, salt and pepper. Pour wine and water over just barely to cover. Bring to low simmer on stove; cover with wax paper coated with butter. Put in bottom third of oven, preheated to 350° for 8 to 12 minutes.
title: Happiness Cake instructions: Mix thoroughly; add tears of joy, sorrow and sympathy. Flavor with love and kindly service. Fold in 4 cups of prayers, faith and enthusiasm; spread all into your daily life. Blend well with human kindness; serve with a smile at all times and it will satisfy the hunger of many people less fortunate than ourselves.
title: Cowboy Cookies instructions: Combine all ingredients and drop by tablespoon on cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 12-15 minutes or until lightly browned. You can use choc chips instead of chunks 'cause the chunks are hard to find. Enjoy!
title: Apricot Meringue Bars(Makes 16 Servings)   instructions: Set oven at moderate 350°. Blend butter, 1/2 cup sugar and egg yolks. Work in flour. Lightly flour hands and pat into well-greased 7 1/2 x 11 1/2-inch baking dish. Bake 15 minutes. Remove from oven and spread evenly with preserves. Beat egg whites until foamy; gradually beat in 1/3 cup sugar. Continue beating until peaks form, then fold in nuts. Spread carefully over preserves. Return to oven and bake 25 minutes. Cool and cut into bars. Makes about 16.
title: Oreo Cookie Torte instructions: Layer 1: Mix and crush Oreos, saving a small amount for garnish, and melted margarine. Press in a 9 x 13-inch pan for crust.
title: Georgia Pecan Pie instructions: Beat eggs until foamy. Add sugar, syrup, melted butter and vanilla; beat until mixture thickens. Add nuts and pour into a pie shell. Bake for 10 minutes at 450°, then reduce heat to 325° and bake until filling is firm (approximately 35 to 40 minutes).
title: Mushroom Burgers instructions: Brown patties in skillet. Pour off grease. Dissolve bouillon in water and pour over patties along with soup mix and mushrooms. Simmer for 30 minutes. Serve on bun with slice of Swiss cheese.
title: Meringues instructions: Beat egg whites at room temperature until stiff peaks form. Gradually add sugar, beating until well blended. Fold in remaining ingredients. Drop by teaspoon onto greased cookie sheet. Bake at 250° for 30 minutes.
title: Asparagus Casserole instructions: Place first 3 ingredients layered in buttered casserole. Place next 5 ingredients in skillet, making a white sauce until medium consistency. Pour over other ingredients. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes. Place cracker crumbs on top last 10 minutes. Serve hot. Serves 4.
title: Oven Caramel Corn instructions: Boil brown sugar, butter, syrup and salt for 5 minutes. Remove from heat; add soda and vanilla and stir over corn. Mix well; spread on cookie sheet(s). Place in oven at 200° for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, stirring every 20 to 30 minutes. Remove and let cool. Break apart.
title: Refrigerator Bran Muffins instructions: Combine all ingredients. Mix well. Cover batter and store in refrigerator. Use as needed. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Remove from muffin tin at once.
title: Wille Burgers instructions: Spread beef on bread. Place on a cookie sheet. Broil until brown. Top with ketchup, mustard, pickles, etc. Quick and easy Saturday supper!
title: Lasagna instructions: Cook noodles, then drain them. Layer with all ingredients, starting with small amount of sauce. Put cheese on top of each layer. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Mexican Wedding Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Grease a 9 x 13-inch pan and pour mixture in. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes. Frost with favorite icing or top with whipped cream.
title: Spaghetti Bake instructions: Cook spaghetti. Start with 1 layer of spaghetti. Cover with sauce, then layer of cheese. Repeat. When finished, place pepperoni on top. Bake until cheese melts, approximately 45 minutes.
title: Deep Dish Cherry-Peach Pie instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Combine flour, 1 cup of oats, sugar and baking powder. Cut 1/2 cup butter in until crumbly. Remove 1 cup of mixture and combine with 1/4 cup oats. Cut in 1/4 cup butter until crumbly; set aside. Mix water and remaining oat mixture with fork, just until moistened. Press in bottom of 9-inch deep-dish pie pan. Bake 15 minutes. Cool slightly.
title: Jiffy Lime Salad instructions: Dissolve gelatin and marshmallows in boiling water in bowl. Cool. Stir in remaining ingredients. Pour into 1 1/2 quart mold. Chill until firm. Unmold on serving plate. Garnish with whipped cream and cherries.
title: Stuffed Pepper For 2 instructions: Cut out stem and seeds from Peppers with a grapefruit knife. Rinse Peppers out. Boil 5 minutes. Drain. Mix remaining ingredients. Stuff Peppers with mixture and bake at 350 for about 1 hour.
title: Nonfat Strawberry Smoothie instructions: Combine yogurt, 1 1/2 cups strawberries, sugar, lemon juice and ice in container of an electric blender; process until smooth. Garnish with additional strawberries.
title: Neiman-Marcus Bars instructions: Mix 1 egg with margarine, nuts and cake mix by hand; pat into Pam sprayed 3 or 4-quart baking dish. Cream the cream cheese with 2 eggs; add sugar. Mix well; spread over cake layer. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes.
title: Banana Split Cake instructions: Mix thoroughly and press in bottom of 9 x 12-inch pan the graham crackers and 1 stick margarine. Then layer over graham cracker crust as follows: layer of sliced bananas, layer pineapple, then Cool Whip. Garnish with chocolate syrup, nuts and maraschino cherries. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or longer before serving.
title: Bread And Butter Pickles instructions: Dissolve this and let come to a boil. Drain cucumbers well and put in mixture. Let come to a boil. Should make 6 pints.
title: Christmas Cranberry Salad instructions: Follow directions on gelatin using 2 cups of boiling water and plain gelatin. Add sugar. Mix to dissolve. Add the rest of the ingredients. Mix well and chill.
title: Copper Dollars instructions: Peel and slice carrots into thin slices. Steam until crisp-tender. Slice and separate onion into rings; cut pepper into strips. Combine carrots, onion and pepper in a large bowl.
title: Sweet And Sour Chicken instructions: Put chicken in pan. Mix other ingredients together. Pour over chicken. Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Cooked sauce can be used over rice as a side dish.
title: World'S Greatest Cookie instructions: In a large bowl, cream together until smooth the butter and peanut butter. Add gradually the granulated sugar and brown sugar, creaming until blended. Add eggs, one at a time, and beat until smooth. Add flour and soda. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop from a teaspoon onto greased cookie sheet and flatten with back of teaspoon. Bake at 325° for 15 minutes or until golden. Makes 6 dozen.
title: Baked Pineapple Chicken instructions: Drain pineapple; reserve juice. Combine reserved juice with garlic, cornstarch, Worcestershire sauce, mustard and rosemary. Arrange chicken in shallow baking dish on broiler-proof dish, skin side up. Broil until browned. Stir sauce; pour over chicken. Bake at 400° for 30 minutes.
title: Chicken And Penne Pasta With Kalamata Olives instructions: Cut white meat chicken up into 1-inch pieces. Pit the kalamata olives and cut each olive into 3 or 4 pieces. Chop or slice garlic. Cut the basil leaves into strips. Begin heating a large pot of salted water to boiling. When water begins to boil, add pasta. Don't overcook! When done, drain pasta and put in a large pasta bowl. Drizzle liberally with olive oil, then salt and pepper to taste (I like plenty of pepper here) and stir.
title: Lu Lu Paste Dip(Great For Veggies)   instructions: Mix cream cheese, onion and green pepper together and set aside. In saucepan, put sugar, vinegar, salt and well beaten eggs. Cook over medium heat until thickened. Don't let eggs cook too fast. Remove from heat. Add butter. Let hot mixture cool. Mix all ingredients together and chill.
title: Broccoli Cornbread instructions: Mix all ingredients. Spray dish with Pam cooking spray. Bake at 300° to 325°° for 1 hour.
title: Velvet Crumb Cake instructions: Grease and flour an 8 x 8 x 2-inch square pan or a 9-inch round pan. Beat all ingredients until well blended and pour into pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes or until wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool. Serve with fresh fruit and whipped cream or with Cool Whip as desired.
title: Neapolitan Pork Chops instructions: Heat oil in a large heavy skillet. Add garlic and cook until lightly browned. Season chops with salt and pepper. Put chops in skillet and brown on both sides. Add mushrooms, green pepper, sieved tomatoes and wine. Cover and cook over low heat about 1 hour or until tender. Makes 6 servings.
title: Baked Potatoes With Onions instructions: Cut potatoes crosswise into 1/8 to 1/4-inch slices, being careful not to cut all the way through. Slice halved onion into thin slices. Wedge these slices into potato cuts. Brush with melted butter and season. Wrap tightly in foil. Bake at 350° for 1 to 1 1/2 hours until done. Serves 4.
title: Baked Cheese Garlic Grits instructions: Prepare grits in boiling salt water. Stir in cheese, butter or margarine, milk, eggs and garlic. Cook over low heat until cheese is melted. Pour into a 2-quart greased casserole. Bake in a preheated oven at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Okra And Corn Gumbo instructions: In a stockpot or large saucepan, place the beef shanks, veal bones (if using) and water. Bring to a boil over high heat, skimming any foam that rises to the surface.
title: Pretzels Delight instructions: Break pretzels in small pieces. Mix all the ingredients together. In double boiler pot melt almond bark until smooth. Pour over the ingredients and mix well. Make in small cluster balls and place them on a cookie sheet like you would do cookies. Let stand for about 1 1/2 hours. If the weather is cold there is no refrigeration needed. If not, place in the refrigerator until chilled.
title: Jerk Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. In a large bowl, combine teriyaki sauce, garlic, ginger, pepper and salt. Add chicken; toss to mix well. Lift chicken out of sauce and place in oiled baking dish, skin side down. Bake for 45 minutes, turning once and basting frequently with remaining sauce until brown and crispy. Can also be cooked on the grill.
title: Chess Pie instructions: Beat eggs and sugar and beat again. Add salt, flour, buttermilk, vanilla and butter. Mix well. Pour into an unbaked pie shell. Bake 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Cream Cheese Frosting instructions: Cream together and spread on cake. Makes enough frosting for two 9 x 13-inch cakes. This frosting can be frozen.
title: Clinton Clamdigger instructions: Combine in mixing glass, stirring well. Add ice and strain into old-fashioned glass. Rim glass with lemon peel and throw in peel.
title: Hungarian Goulash instructions: In a large saucepan, heat oil and brown the beef. Add onion soup mix and paprika, blended with tomatoes. Simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 hours or until beef is tender. Stir in flour and salt, blended with water. Bring to a boil, then simmer, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes. Cook noodles according to package directions. Garnish with parsley. Serves 8.
title: Goody Goody Hamburger Sauce instructions: Simmer very slowly until thick and stir from time to time. Serve on hamburgers with dill pickle slices. Toasted buns are great.
title: Coconut Cake instructions: Cream the butter and sugar. Add one egg at a time, beating good after each addition. Combine milk and flavoring. Add alternately with flour. Bake in cake pans at 350°.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Mix rice, onion soup mix, mushroom soup and water in dish. Place chicken on top of rice mixture. Bake for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Diet Fresh Green Salad instructions: Combine all vegetables. You will want more broccoli than cauliflower. Cut onions in wheels and cut up some of the blades in the salad. Follow directions on salad dressing package and pour over salad when ready to serve.
title: Chicken Or (Pork) Fried Rice instructions: Place cooking oil in skillet and heat. Add cut up onion and meat. Cook completely. Beat eggs and mix with meat. Add cooked rice, salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Catsup or soy sauce may be added while cooking, if desired. Serves 5.
title: Cheese Crisps instructions: Grate cheese. Beat well with margarine. Add dry ingredients. Chill dough for 1 hour. Mix in Rice Krispies. Roll into small balls; press out with fork. Bake on cookie sheet at 350° until slightly browned.
title: Cornpatch Spoon Bread instructions: Stir boiling water into corn meal, mixing thoroughly. Add remaining ingredients. Stir quickly until just mixed. Place in very hot, generously buttered skillet or casserole. Bake in moderate oven at 375° about 40 minutes or until nicely done. Serves 5 to 6.
title: Shrimply Delicious Cauliflower instructions: Cook cauliflower in salted water until tender. Drain. Heat soup; stir in sour cream. Do not boil. Season to taste. Place flowerets in dish; pour on sauce. Sprinkle with almonds and parsley. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Elegant Frosting instructions: Combine sugar and milk in a heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat, simmer 6 minutes without stirring. Remove from heat and add chocolate. Stir to blend. Stir in butter and vanilla. Chill until mixture begins to thicken. Beat until thick and creamy. Makes enough to fill and frost an 8-inch or 9-inch layer cake.
title: Pork Chop And Potato Scallop instructions: In skillet, brown chops. Blend soup, sour cream, water and parsley. In 2-quart casserole, alternate layers of potatoes and sauce. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Top with chops. Cover. Bake at 375° for 1 1/4 hours. Makes 4 servings.
title: Brownies instructions: Melt chocolate and butter. Mix flour with baking powder and salt. Beat eggs well. Gradually beat in sugar. Blend in chocolate mix and vanilla. Mix in flour mixture. Spread in greased cake pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes or until done to touch.
title: Pina Colada Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In a large mixer bowl, combine cake mix, pudding mix, 1/2 cup cream of coconut, 1/2 cup rum, oil and eggs. Beat on medium speed 2 minutes. Stir in pineapple. Pour into well-greased and floured 10-inch tube pan. With a table knife, poke holes about 1 inch apart in cake almost to bottom. Combine remaining cream of coconut and rum. Pour over cake. Chill thoroughly. Store in refrigerator.
title: Cranberry Pork Chops instructions: Brown pork chops in small amount of oleo or olive oil. Pour cranberry sauce over chops. Cover with soup. Bake covered at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Soft Butter Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add unbeaten eggs and vanilla. Beat well. Sift together dry ingredients. Blend into creamed mixture. Chill. Roll on floured board and cut. Bake at 400° for 6 minutes.
title: Sausage Casserole instructions: Brown sausage and drain. Mix all ingredients. Place in covered dish. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Prepare macaroni and cheese as it comes in Kraft dinner box. Then grease a casserole dish. Add macaroni and cheese. Lay strips of American cheese on top and bake in 400° oven until melts and is brown. Tastes like macaroni and cheese made from scratch.
title: Cream Puff Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. In a saucepan, combine the water, shortening and salt until melted. Add flour and stir constantly until mixture leaves side of pan and forms a ball.	Remove from heat and cool a few minutes. Beat in eggs, one at a time, until smooth and velvety. Spread in a greased 9-inch glass pie pan. Be sure to grease the sides of the pan but do not spread batter on sides. Bake 20 to 25 minutes at 400°, then reduce to 350°.	Bake until done, about 35 to 40 minutes. Cool away from any draft.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Mix together eggs, oleo, sugar, water and pumpkin. Sift together flour, cinnamon, cloves, salt, soda and baking powder. Add dry ingredients and ground nuts to first mixture. Pour into greased loaf pan and bake for 1 hour or until done. Bake at 350°. Makes 1 loaf.
title: Cheeseburger Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Bake pie shell 8 minutes. Remove from oven. Reduce oven to 350°. Cut 6 slices cheese into pieces. In large skillet, brown meat; pour off fat. Add tomato sauce, pepper, onion and bouillon. Cook and stir until bouillon dissolves. Remove from heat; stir in eggs, flour and cheese pieces. Turn into prepared shell. Bake 20 to 25 minutes. Arrange remaining cheese slices on top. Return to oven for 3 minutes. Garnish with tomato and lettuce, if desired.
title: German Sausage-Potato Soup instructions: Brown sausage and drain. In large covered soup pot, combine all ingredients. Simmer for about an hour until vegetables are cooked. Delicious served immediately. Even better the next day. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Banana Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add vanilla and eggs. Add dry ingredients. Add milk and banana pulp. Bake on 2 layer pans or 1 loaf pan for 1 hour at 350°.
title: Lithuanian Sweet Bread(Pyragas; A Simplified Version Of A Traditional Holiday Bread)   instructions: In a large bowl thoroughly mix 3/4 cup flour, sugar and yeast. Combine milk and margarine in a saucepan and heat over low heat until liquid is warm. Gradually add to first mixture and beat 2 minutes at medium speed on electric mixer, scraping bowl occasionally. Add eggs and 1/2 cup flour and beat at high speed for 2 minutes. Add remaining 3/4 cup flour; beat at high speed for 2 minutes. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and let rise in warm, draft-free place until bubbly (1 to 1 1/2 hours). Stir in raisins; turn into greased 2-quart pan and let rise, uncovered, in warm place for 30 minutes. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes or until done.
title: Zesty Tomato Casserole instructions: Peel tomatoes and cut into chunks. Melt butter in frypan; drain mushrooms and add to butter along with sliced celery. Cook until browned. Stir in salt, Worcestershire and tomato chunks. Spoon into a 1 1/2-quart casserole. Sprinkle with bread crumbs and shredded cheese. Bake in moderate oven (350°) for about 45 minutes or until bubbling hot and cheese is melted. Makes 4 servings.
title: Rye Bread instructions: Take all and mix together. Stir until smooth. Put into baking loaf pans. Bake for 1 hour in a 350° oven.
title: Steak Roll instructions: Beat round steak. Microwave stuffing according to instructions on box. Spread stuffing over steak. Roll up steak. Tie strings around ends and middle. Bake 1 1/2 hours at 350°.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Place onions in 1/4 cup warm water to soften. In a mixing bowl, combine cream cheese, margarine, cheese, turkey ham and the 3 tablespoons nuts.
title: Million Dollar Pie instructions: Mix Cool Whip and milk. Add pineapple, coconut and nuts; mix well. Add lemon juice; beat until thick. Pour into pie shells and chill.
title: Cajun Chicken Creole instructions: Brown chicken in 3 tablespoons oil in deep skillet. Remove, add onion, peppers and garlic. Saute until onion is translucent. Add tomatoes, soy sauce and cayenne pepper; bring to a boil, lower heat and add chicken. Cover and simmer about 1 hour. Turn chicken 1/2 way through. Serve over rice.
title: Pineapple Pistachio Fluff instructions: Mix all ingredients well. Put in parfait glasses. Makes 4 servings.
title: Clam Pie(Appetizer)   instructions: Mix together undrained clams and lemon juice and simmer for 5 minutes. Add rest of ingredients except American cheese and Parmesan cheese and mix well. Pour mixture into 8-inch pie pan.
title: Carrot Bread instructions: Mix in order given. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Napa Valley Chicken instructions: Preheat oven to 325°F.
title: Sausage And Wild Rice instructions: Brown sausage; drain. Cook rice. Place meat, mushroom soup and mushrooms in casserole dish. Add rice and mix well. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes or until edges begin to brown.
title: Ron'S "Spicy" Scrambled Eggs instructions: When stir-fry mixture is ready, stir in eggs (already beaten). Need to stir constantly. When eggs are done, add Velveeta cheese. Let cheese melt and then serve.
title: Banana-Nut Bread instructions: Beat sugar, shortening and eggs. Sift together and stir in dry ingredients.
title: Spicy Pumpkin Bread instructions: Beat together the first 4 ingredients. Sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg and sugar. Beat all ingredients together. Add the raisins and nuts. Bake at 350° for 1 1/4 hours. Keeps well refrigerated.
title: Granny'S Tea Cakes instructions: Cream shortening, margarine and sugar in mixer bowl until light and fluffy. Blend in eggs, vanilla, buttermilk, baking powder, soda and salt. Add flour gradually until mixture forms dough which can be easily rolled. Roll to 3/8 inch thickness on floured surface. Cut as desired. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes or until light brown. Cool on wire rack. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Hash Brown Potato Casserole instructions: Mix together soup, milk, sour cream and cheese. Add the frozen potatoes. Mix well. Toss in the cubed ham. Place in a greased shallow pan. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes or until brown.
title: Salmon Ball instructions: Mix ingredients and roll in 1/2 cup pecans and 3 tablespoons parsley.
title: Rolled Biscuits instructions: Heat oven to 450°. Mix ingredients until soft dough forms; beat 30 seconds. If dough is too sticky, gradually mix in enough baking mix (up to 1/4 cup) to make dough easy to handle. Turn onto surface dusted with baking mix. Roll in baking mix to coat. Shape into ball. Knead gently 10 times. Roll 1/2 inch thick. Cut with 2 inch cutter dipped in baking mix. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown. Makes 10 to 12 biscuits.
title: Chocolate Milkshake instructions: Butter your bread. Place on a cookie sheet. Bake at 400° for about 10 minutes or until the unbuttered side is browned.
title: It Casserole instructions: Cook macaroni according to package directions. Drain and set aside.
title: Butterhorns instructions: Blend the yeast, 1 tablespoon sugar and lukewarm water together in a small bowl; set aside. Combine the sifted flour, salt, butter and shortening in a large mixing bowl. Cut butter and shortening into the flour and salt mixture with a pastry blender. Beat the egg yolks slightly with a fork; add to flour mixture, along with yeast mixture. Mix well. Beat the egg whites until foamy. Begin adding 1/2 cup sugar very gradually; beat until mixture holds a stiff peak.
title: Chicken And Dressing Casserole instructions: Boil chicken until done. Remove from bone. Layer chicken in bottom of dish and pour can of cream of chicken soup over it. Add can of milk. Add Pepperidge Farm seasoned dressing. Add chicken broth. Bake in oven at 350° for 30 minutes. Can use chicken breasts.
title: Homemade Fruit Jello instructions: Mix together 1/4 cup juice and gelatin. Measure another 1/4 cup juice. Boil it, then add the hot juice to the gelatin to dissolve. Add the remaining juice and stir. Put the jello in the refrigerator to set. After the jello begins to set a little, add sliced fruit. Return jello to refrigerator until firm. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Grandma Ammons' Cookies instructions: Combine butter and sugar. Add eggs and mix well. Sift flour, salt and soda; add to first mixture. Add nuts; mix well. Shape into a large bowl and chill overnight. Turn cookies on a floured board and shape into a roll. Slice very thin for baking. Bake on a cookie sheet in 350° oven until crisp and light brown. Yield: 5 dozen.
title: 24 Hour Salad instructions: Mix marshmallows, pecans and pineapple in large bowl. Beat egg well. Add water and vinegar; cook until thick, stirring constantly. Pour over pecans, pineapple and marshmallows. Mix well. Whip the cream; pour over other mixture. Blend well and chill 24 hours.
title: Tomato Dumplings instructions: In a medium skillet saute onions, pepper and celery until tender. Add remaining ingredients. Simmer 5 to 10 minutes. Make dumplings. Add to bubbling mixture by tablespoons. Cover tightly and simmer for 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Pumpkin Pie Or Custard(Diabetic)   instructions: Beat eggs until frothy. Stir pudding mix and evaporated milk to smooth paste. Add this and all other ingredients to eggs and stir until well blended.
title: Hamburger Hot Dish instructions: Brown hamburger and onion. Drain. Mix with green beans and soup in casserole. Cover top with Tater Tots. Bake 1 hour at 350°.
title: Breakfast In A Hurry instructions: Cook and drain sausage. Put in 8 x 11-inch casserole dish. Mix together thoroughly the remaining ingredients. Pour egg mixture over sausage and bake in 350° oven for 40 minutes.
title: Lemon Loaf instructions: Preheat oven to 350°.	Grease 8 x 4-inch loaf pan with margarine and coat with	granulated sugar. In large bowl, combine first 4 ingredients. Mix margarine, milk, eggs and peel until smooth. Add margarine mix to flour mix; stir just until flour is moistened. Pour	into pan. Bake 45 to 50 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 5 minutes and remove from pan.
title: Golden Punch instructions: Mix ingredients. Add crushed ice to keep cold. Makes 46 (4 ounce) servings.
title: Chicken Soup With Chinese Vegetables instructions: Heat chicken broth to boiling. Add mushrooms, then spinach; cook 2 minutes. Add bean sprouts and hot sauce. Serve at once Makes 4 qt. One c. serving: 33 calories, 1 g. fat, 2 mg. cholesterol.
title: Personal Pizza instructions: Cook ground beef in the frying pan. Open biscuits and flatten with your hand. Spread ground beef on biscuits and pour tomato sauce over it. Sprinkle with cheese and bake until biscuits are brown.
title: Christmas Scent instructions: Put all ingredients in a tea kettle or saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer as long as desired. Add water as needed. This is not to eat or drink!
title: Low-Fat Hash Brown Casserole instructions: Combine soup, chicken broth, sour cream, Molly McButter, salt and pepper in a large bowl; mix well. Add hash browns and mix. Pour into a large casserole dish sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Sprinkle Parmesan on top. Bake at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes.
title: Chicken Enchiladas instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cook onion and green pepper in margarine. Add green chili peppers and diced, cooked chicken.
title: Avocado Dip instructions: Peel and mash avocados. Spread over platter. Top with dip, taco seasoning, tomatoes, onions, olives, taco sauce, Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese. Refrigerate.
title: Picadilly Cafeteria Carrot Souffle instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add carrots and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and mash. To the carrots, add melted butter, white sugar, flour, baking powder, vanilla extract and eggs. Mix well and put in a 2-quart casserole dish. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Makes about 8 servings.
title: Broccoli Bake instructions: Melt butter, add crumbs. Put in bottom of 9 x 12-inch dish (save 1/2 cup for topping). Melt 4 tablespoons butter in skillet or pan, add flour and mix slowly, add milk, when thickened, add cheese. Cook broccoli and drain. Place in baking dish on top of crumbs. Pour cheese mixture over top with leftover crumbs. Bake at 450° for 12 to 15 minutes. Sauce is also good on potatoes, asparagus and cauliflower.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: In a medium size casserole dish, layer cooked rice, then cooked chicken (generous portion), and layer cooked chopped broccoli. Mix cream of chicken soup, mayonnaise, salt and pepper. Spread mixture over other ingredients. Top with grated cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Strawberry Milkshake instructions: Combine ingredients into blender. Blend on high until smooth.
title: Pizza Casserole instructions: Cook ground beef in a skillet over medium heat until browned, stirring to crumble. Drain off pan drippings. Spoon beef into 8-inch square baking dish. Top with pizza sauce and cheese. Combine biscuit mix, milk and eggs; beat until smooth. Pour mixture over casserole, covering evenly. Bake at 400° for 30 to 35 minutes. Yields 6 servings.
title: Sausage And Egg Casserole instructions: Brown sausage in skillet. Drain. Mix all ingredients together. Pour into 11 x 7 x 2-inch casserole dish. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Pumpkin Bread Or Muffins instructions: Combine eggs, oil, water and pumpkin puree (use straight pumpkin, not pumpkin pie mix). Sift dry ingredients together and gradually beat into first mixture. Bake in greased and floured 9 x 4 x 3-inch loaf pan for 1 hour at 350°. Or bake in muffin pans 25 minutes. Makes about 20 muffins. Chopped walnuts may be added to the mixture.
title: Baking Powder Pancakes instructions: Mix flour, salt, sugar and baking powder together well. Add eggs to milk, then pour into dry ingredients. Add oil and mix together. Proceed as for making pancakes from packaged pancake mix.
title: Rolled Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream oleo and sugar together. Add eggs, milk, vanilla and nutmeg.
title: Fruitcake Cookies instructions: In large bowl, combine pecans, cracker crumbs, raisins, cherries and pineapple. In large saucepan, combine marshmallows, milk and butter and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until melted. Pour over pecan mixture and blend thoroughly. Shape into 1-inch balls and roll in coconut. It will be necessary to rinse your hands frequently. Makes 7 to 8 dozen cookies.
title: Ice Cream instructions: Mix the first 5 ingredients together and pour into ice cream freezer can. Finish filling with milk. Makes 1 gallon.
title: Foolproof Beef And Broccoli instructions: Slice beef across grain in thin strips. Brown garlic and beef. Add broccoli and onion. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Stir in soup, water and soy sauce. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat to low. Cover 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Serve over noodles. Garnish with tomatoes and tarragon sprigs, if desired.
title: Ham And Cheese Sandwiches instructions: Mix oleo with grated onion and mustard. Stir until smooth and spread on both sides of onion buns. Add 1 slice of cheese and lots of ham. Bake at 350° for 15 minutes or until warm. Can be frozen. (Wrap each bun in foil. Do not put in microwave.)
title: World'S-Best Cookies instructions: Cream softened butter and sugars. Add egg and oil. Add oats, Special K and coconut. Add flour, vanilla and nuts. Roll in balls (walnut size). Bake on ungreased cookie sheet; flatten with fork dipped in water. Makes 7 to 8 dozen.
title: Taco Salad instructions: Brown meat and add French dressing. Simmer for 5 minutes. Drain meat and toss with cheese. Heat beans. Make salad by layering on lettuce all ingredients desired. Serve with Doritos.
title: Hot Curried Fruit instructions: Cut peaches and pears into bite size pieces. Combine fruits in 2-quart casserole. Blend margarine, brown sugar and curry powder. Spoon over fruit. Bake at 325° for 30 minutes. Serve warm.
title: Caramel Icing instructions: Melt butter in saucepan. Mix in brown sugar. Stir over low heat 2 minutes. Add milk. Heat until boiling. Remove from heat and cool to lukewarm. Stir in confectioners sugar. Spread onto cake.
title: Zucchini Squares instructions: Place all ingredients in bowl and stir. Don't beat. Bake in a 9 x 13-inch greased pan in a 350° oven for 45 to 50 minutes or until golden brown. Thin slices of pepperoni may also be placed on top (if preferred).
title: Crab Flavored Dip instructions: You may add can crabmeat.
title: Chicken A La King instructions: Saute mushrooms and green pepper in margarine. Add flour and salt. Stir well. Add light cream, chicken broth and cooked chicken. Add pimientos and stir until thickened. Serve in Pepperidge Farm puffed pastry shells.
title: Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: *Can substitute M&M's, chopped nuts, etc., if desired.
title: Oven Fried Chicken With Gravy instructions: In a large bowl, cover chicken with buttermilk; marinate for about an hour.
title: Ham And Mac Bake instructions: Cook macaroni in boiling, salted water until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain. In a large saucepan, melt 1/4 cup margarine. Blend in flour, mustard, salt and pepper. Add milk all at once. Stir in sugar. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Stir in macaroni, ham and apple. Turn into 2-quart casserole. Combine crumbs and melted margarine. Sprinkle over casserole. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Serves 8.
title: Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Mix sugar, cocoa and milk in saucepan. Bring to a boil and boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat and add the other ingredients. Spoon out on wax paper and let cool.
title: Blossom Time Cake instructions: Melt, then cool, the chocolate. Blend in the soda; set aside while you make cake.
title: Asparagus Casserole instructions: Crush crackers. Rub a 2-quart flat casserole dish with margarine. Layer half of asparagus, cut eggs and cheese. Pour 1/2 of soup mixture over layer. Repeat process. Top with a few crumbs. Dot with margarine. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Ice Cream instructions: Place all milk in a heavy pan on the fire. When milk is warm, add eggs and sugar. After they have been beaten really good, dissolve cornstarch in a bowl with some of the cold milk mixture. Then add this to milk and egg mixture. Stirring all the time, add salt and butter. Cook until near boiling. Stir continually. Add vanilla extract. Fruits may be added. Place in icebox the night before. Use a hand freezer. Add fruits the next day. Makes a big gallon.
title: Microwave Maple Nut Divinity instructions: Combine sugars, corn syrup and water in buttered large glass mixing bowl. Microwave for 15 to 17 minutes on roast or until candy forms a hard ball in cold water (250°). Meanwhile, beat egg whites in large bowl until stiff peaks. Pour candy syrup in thin stream into egg whites; beat constantly with mixer. Add maple flavoring and salt; beat until mixture is stiff and dull. Fold in nuts. Drop mixture by teaspoonfuls onto wax paper. Cool.
title: Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Mix all ingredients and bake at 325 degrees for 15 - 20 minutes. Yields 10 - 12 dozen.
title: Cereal Cookies instructions: Heat sugar and syrup until the sugar is melted. Mix in peanut butter. Pour over corn flakes and press into buttered pan. Let cool and cut in pieces.
title: Hot Artichoke Dip instructions: Mix well and bake in preheated oven at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Chicken Stew instructions: Boil fryer in about 2 quarts of water with celery, onion, parsley, green onion and seasonings. Do not overcook. Remove chicken, debone and set aside. Strain broth. Place broth back in pot and add potatoes, carrots and corkscrew noodles. Cook until vegetables and noodles are done. Add deboned chicken, season to taste and serve.
title: Puppy Chow instructions: Over low heat, stir chocolate chips, peanut butter and margarine until melted. Put Crispix in a large bowl. Put powdered sugar in a large paper bag. Add cereal mixture and shake.
title: Onion Casserole instructions: Saute onions in butter or margarine until tender. Line 8 x 8-inch buttered casserole with crushed crackers. Mix onions with chicken soup and pour over crackers. Beat eggs with milk, salt and pepper. Pour over the mixture. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350° until brown and bubbly, approximately 35 to 40 minutes. Let set for 15 minutes before serving.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Combine sugar, water and cornstarch; cook over medium-high heat until mixture boils and thickens. Remove from heat and add gelatin. Cool while preparing sliced berries. Place sliced berries in the bottom of the pie shell; cover with strawberry mixture. Allow to chill for at least one hour before serving. Top with whipped cream or whipped topping.
title: Denise'S Saucy Salmon instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Place salmon in a shallow baking dish. Pour in the olive oil and lemon juice. Smear the pressed garlic onto the salmon. Spoon the oil and lemon over the fish. Sprinkle the salt, pepper and garlic powder onto the salmon. Place tinfoil over the baking dish and bake the salmon for 10 minutes at 350°.
title: Orange Slice Cake instructions: Cut candy, nuts and fruits in small pieces. Toss in 1 cup flour. Set aside. Cream shortening and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time. Add rest of flour alternately with milk; mix well. Add soda, baking powder and salt. Mix all other fruits. Put into well greased tube pan. Bake at 275° for about 2 1/2 hours. While still hot make glaze using 2 cups orange juice, 2 cups sugar and 1 tablespoon grated orange rind. Simmer at least 1 hour, then pour over cake.
title: Shepherd'S Pie instructions: Brown beef and onion lightly in melted fat or margarine in skillet. Add salt. Put carrots in bottom of well-greased, 1 1/2-quart, heat-resistant glass bowl. Pour browned beef mixture over carrots. Top with mashed or creamed potatoes.
title: Vegetable Salad instructions: In medium saucepan bring dressing ingredients to a boil & boil for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Combine all other ingredients (vegetables). Pour warm dressing over combined vegetables, stir together & refrigerate overnight or longer. stir before serving (you may drain before serving. Serves 12-18.
title: Baked Italian Chicken instructions: Cut your chicken in pieces. Wash them and skin them. Place in a baking pan. Pour in your water to cover bottom of pan about 1/2-inch. Add your lemon juice (your discretion) to water. Put small pats of butter on each piece of chicken. Sprinkle garlic powder over chicken, also sprinkle oregano on chicken.
title: No Peek Chicken instructions: Combine rice, butter and milk; pour into bottom of a 9 x 13-inch pan. Combine broth cream soups and pour over rice. Stir everything together. Place chicken pieces over mixture. Sprinkle onion soup mix on top. Place foil over pan. Bake at 325° for 2 1/2 hours. Don't peek!
title: Kahlua Chocolate Cake instructions: Combine cake mix, eggs, sour cream, Kahlua and oil. Beat 3 to 5 minutes on medium. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour batter into greased and floured tube pan. Bake at 350° for 55 to 60 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Cool for 30 minutes on rack while still in pan.
title: Mrs. Stovers Fudge instructions: Cook sugar, condensed milk and butter or margarine until it forms soft ball. Add marshmallow cream and chocolate chips. Beat well. Add vanilla and nuts.
title: White Fruit Cake instructions: Cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add well beaten eggs and blend well. Chop nuts and fruit in medium size pieces. Mix with some flour. Sift remaining flour and baking powder together and fold into the butter and egg mixture. Add flavorings; mix well. Add fruit and nuts; mix well. Pour into greased, paper lined tube pan. Place in cold oven and bake at 250° for 3 hours. Cool in pan on rack.
title: Marmalade Drumsticks instructions: Spread the drumsticks with marmalade. Coat evenly with stuffing crumbs. Place in a single layer in a greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Drizzle with butter or oleo. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes or until the chicken tests done. Yield: 6 servings.
title: Pretty Ugly Dip instructions: Put in microwavable dish and microwave for 2 minutes. Stir. Microwave 2 more minutes. Serve with white corn tostitos.
title: Hot Dog Hors D'Oeuvres instructions: Melt jelly and mustard together in a saucepan over medium heat (looks awful). Cut the hot dogs into bite size pieces and place in the mixture to heat. Put in a chafing dish or dish with candle to keep warm. Serve with toothpicks alongside.
title: Stuart'S Hot Dog Chili instructions: Combine all ingredients and cook on moderate heat until done. Stir often.
title: Broccoli-N-Cheese Casserole instructions: Saute onion in skillet with butter. Cook rice and broccoli. Mix all ingredients and bake, uncovered, at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let sit for 10 minutes before baking.
title: Italian Cream Cake instructions: Cream butter, sugar and Crisco. Add egg yolks, one at a time. Add soda to milk, then alternately with dry ingredients. Fold in egg whites, vanilla, nuts and coconut. Bake 25 to 30 minutes at 350°. Makes 3 layers.
title: Chocolate Zucchini Cake instructions: Sift together flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Set aside. Cream together butter, oil, sugar and vanilla until light and creamy with mixer. Beat in eggs one at a time. Add dry ingredients alternating with buttermilk. Stir in zucchini. Pour batter into 9 x 13-inch pan. Sprinkle with chocolate chips and walnuts. Bake at 325° for 55 minutes.
title: Oyster Stew instructions: Boil oysters in about 1 cup water for 10 minutes. Add salt and pepper. Lower heat to medium-low. Add milk and butter. Simmer for 30 minutes. Do not boil. If like, add pinch of cayenne pepper or dash of Tabasco sauce.
title: Buttermilk Cornbread instructions: Preheat the oven to 400°. Lightly spray an 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan.
title: Parmesan Halibut instructions: Combine eggs and milk to produce a French toast batter. Combine flour and Parmesan cheese. Rinse the halibut, dip into French toast batter, then dip into cheese mixture. Saute with lid about 20 minutes, adding little amounts of water, if needed.
title: Chocolate Eclaire A La Highland Pointe instructions: Mix Cool Whip, pudding mix and milk together. In a 9 x 12-inch Pyrex dish layer, put graham crackers on bottom, then 1/2 pudding mix, crackers again, remainder of pudding and another layer of crackers.
title: French Lace Cookies instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Measure flour; blend with nuts. Bring corn syrup, shortening and sugar to boil in saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; gradually stir in flour and nuts. Drop batter by level teaspoonful, about 3 inches apart, on lightly greased baking sheet. Bake only 8 to 9 cookies at a time. Bake for 5 to 6 minutes; remove from oven and allow to stand 5 minutes before removing from baking sheet. Makes about 4 dozen cookies.
title: Company'S Comin' instructions: Cook beef; add next 2 ingredients and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add next 7 ingredients and simmer for a few minutes. Add next 3 (last) ingredients and mix well. Put in shallow baking dish (3-quart size) and bake at 350° for 3/4 to 1 hour.
title: Oven Apple Butter instructions: Place ingredients in large roaster. Bake 3 hours in 350° oven. Stir every 20 minutes. Yields: 5 quarts.
title: Finger Paint instructions: Mix cornstarch, sugar and water in saucepan. Cook and stir over medium heat, about 5 minutes. Divide the mixture into separate cups or containers. Tint mixture in each container with a different food color. Stir several times until cool. Store in an airtight container.
title: Zucchini Bread instructions: Beat eggs until light; add sugar, salt, oil and vanilla, mixing well until thick. Add zucchini; stir thoroughly. Sift flour, cinnamon, baking powder and soda. Add, stirring until smooth. Add chopped nuts and lemon rind. Bake in 2 greased and floured loan pans, about 1 hour in a 350° oven.
title: Marshmallow Treats instructions: Melt marshmallows in microwave at High for 2 minutes. Add Rice Krispies and mix well. Add M&M's and peanuts. Pour into sprayed 9 x 13-inch pan or Bundt pan, press down. I use Pam.
title: Chocolate Cookies instructions: Melt margarine and chocolate. Let cool. Add sugar and eggs. Add dry ingredients. Let dough chill and roll into small balls. Roll ball in confectioners sugar. Bake for 18 minutes at 300°.
title: Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Cake(With Chocolate Icing)   instructions: In large bowl, combine ingredients (preferably with electric mixer). Pour into greased 13 x 9-inch metal or glass container. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Test for doneness with toothpick.
title: Angletti'S instructions: Slice cookies in half horizontally. Mix the other ingredients together and spread on cookies. Put the halves back together.
title: Green Chile Casserole Grits instructions: Bring water and salt to a boil. Add grits; cook slowly until thick. Add cheese, cut in pieces, green chiles and oleo; stir until cheese melts. Beat in eggs. Pour into buttered casserole and bake for 1 hour at 275°.
title: Weight Watchers Salad instructions: Mix ingredients in order and refrigerate.
title: German Baked Beans instructions: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients. transfer to a 2 qt. baking dish coated with nonstick cooking spray. Bake uncovered at 400 degrees for 1-11/2 hours or until bubbly.
title: Grandmother'S Bread(Rolls)   instructions: Dissolve yeast cake in a little warm milk. Stir together all and let rise to top of bowl. Roll out. Cut with biscuit cutter; dip in shortening. Put in pan. Let rise again. Bake 30 minutes in a 325° oven.
title: Raisin Puff Cookies instructions: Put the raisins and water in pan and boil until the water is gone. Cream the butter and sugar together. Add the remaining ingredients. Mix all the above together. Roll in balls and roll in sugar. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes.
title: Chocolate Marble Cheesecake instructions: Prepare Graham Crust; cool. Combine cream cheese, sour cream, 1 cup sugar and 2 teaspoons vanilla in a large mixer bowl. Beat on medium speed until smooth. Add flour, a tablespoon at a time, blending well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Reserve 2 cups of batter; pour remaining batter into crust.
title: Black Bread instructions: Mix first 5 ingredients; add flour. Bake in greased 9 x 13-inch pan at 325° for 20 to 25 minutes or until done.
title: Tuna Cheese Balls instructions: Combine tuna, cheese, onions and celery. Combine milk and eggs. Add the 2 1/4 cups Bisquick. Beat all ingredients until well blended. (Heat oven to 375°.) Take 1 tablespoon of mixture and roll in sifted Bisquick. Shape into balls and put on well greased cookie sheet for 22 to 25 minutes. Take off sheet immediately and put on cooling rack. Makes approximately 55 balls.
title: Texas Coleslaw instructions: Mix cabbage and onions. Combine other ingredients. Pour over cabbage and mix well.
title: Veggie Pizza instructions: Preheat oven to 350°.	Press dough onto bottom and sides of 15 x 10 x 1-inch pan. Bake 10 to 13 minutes or until golden brown; cool.
title: Pie Crust instructions: With a fork, mix flour, shortening, salt and sugar. Separately beat remaining ingredients, then combine, stirring with a fork until all is moistened. Mold into five balls and chill at least 15 minutes before rolling. Can be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen. Makes 2 (9-inch) double crusts and 1 (9-inch) shell.
title: Hearty Spaghetti Stew instructions: Brown meat in Dutch oven; drain. Stir in water, vegetables, tomato sauce and the herb-spice mix. Break spaghetti into thirds; add to vegetable mixture. Bring to boil; reduce heat. Cover; simmer 20 minutes. Sprinkle with the grated Parmesan cheese. Makes eight 1 1/2-cup servings.
title: Golden Corn Bread instructions: Sift dry ingredients together in a bowl. Add egg, milk and shortening. Beat with beater until smooth, about 1 minute (do not overbeat). Bake in greased square pan or greased muffin pan at 425° for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm with butter or covered with creamed chicken, fish or meat.
title: Chicken Divan instructions: Cook broccoli according to package directions. Boil chicken; then pull off in chunks. Combine soup, sour cream and garlic salt. Stir until smooth. Place broccoli in bottom of buttered casserole. Place chicken on top of broccoli. Pour mushroom soup mixture over chicken. Pour butter over mixture. Top with almonds, then cheese. Bake at 350° until mixture bubbles.
title: Corn Relish instructions: In saucepan, combine sugar, cornstarch, onion, turmeric, celery seed, vinegar, water and corn. Cook and stir until mixture thickens and bubbles. Stir in green pepper and pimiento. Chill. Keeps well in refrigerator. Makes 1 3/4 cups.
title: Marinated Carrot Salad instructions: Clean carrots and cook until tender. Cool and combine with remaining ingredients. Refrigerate overnight to blend flavors.
title: California Tarts instructions: Blend all ingredients together. Divide dough in muffin tins (small size). Use fingers to smooth out in pan.
title: Strawberry Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients and bake at 350° for 25 minutes for each layer. Makes a 2 or 3 layer cake.
title: Homemade Health Cereal instructions: Combine dry ingredients in large bowl. Mix honey and oil together. Add honey and oil to dry mixture and mix thoroughly until moist and in clumps. Preheat oven to 300°. Spread mixture in 2 or 3 pans with sides. Bake 15 minutes. Stir from sides to center. Bake 5 more minutes and stir. Repeat every 5 minutes for 25 to 30 minutes. Should spread out and be loose. Spread on paper to cool. Store in canister or Ziploc bags. Add dried fruits of choice.
title: Mud instructions: You will also need a large flowerpot, trowel, gummy worms, frogs, snakes, etc.
title: Gary'S Favorite instructions: Brown beef, sausage and onion. Add soups and water, salt and pepper. Mix well. Cook noodles and add to meat mixture. Place in large, buttered baking dish and bake at 350° for 45 minutes or until brown on top.
title: Tea Punch instructions: Mix ingredients and add water to equal 2 1/2 quarts. Chill. Stir each time before serving a glass. (I omit the sugar usually.) Nice to serve at a luncheon.
title: Holiday Hors D'Oeuvres instructions: Mix olives, cheese, onion and mayonnaise together. Spread on small square of rye bread. Bake for 10 minutes at 350°. Serve warm.
title: Cucumber Dressing instructions: Mix together and stir into 2 medium size cucumbers.
title: Anise Candy instructions: Mix syrup, water and sugar in a heavy medium-sized saucepan. Stir over low heat until sugar is completely dissolved. Boil, covered, about 3 minutes; uncover and continue boiling slowly to 310°.
title: Franks And Sauerkraut instructions: Combine sauerkraut, caraway seed, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, onion slices and margarine. Place in shallow square baking dish. Cut unpeeled apples into halves and remove cores. Brush cut surfaces with margarine and sprinkle with brown sugar. Arrange apple halves on the sauerkraut in a diagonal line across the center of the casserole. Place 2 frankfurters on each side of the apple halves. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Serve immediately.
title: Celery Ring instructions: Cream the cheese, butter and tomato paste. Stuff all celery with mixture. Start with heart and remake a stalk into its original shape. Wrap in wax paper and chill. Cut into rings for serving.
title: Chicken Enchilada Casserole instructions: Put chicken, soup, milk, onion, and chilies in pot and bring to boil. Tear tortillas and stir into mixture. Alternate mixture layers with cheese, ending with cheese on top. Bake at 325° for approximately 25 minutes. Serve with homemade salsa.
title: Chicken Salad instructions: Mix ingredients together. Put in a 9 x 13-inch pan with Pam sprayed in pan. Put topping over it. Refrigerate overnight. Remove 1 hour before baking. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes. Makes 10 to 12 servings.
title: Pineapple-Cheese Spread instructions: Mix well and refrigerate at least 2 hours. Serve on crackers, Melba toast, or very thin sandwich bread, such as rye or pumpernickel.
title: Fried Rice instructions: Cook rice. With fork, beat eggs and salt slightly and set aside.
title: Harry Truman Salad instructions: Break lettuce into large bowl, add green onions. Fry bacon, drain and crumble. Pour off drippings from skillet. Combine rest of ingredients, beat well. Add bacon and pour all into skillet. Cook until thick, stirring constantly. Cool. Pour over lettuce in bowl; toss. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Buttermilk Dressing instructions: Mix all ingredients in blender and chill.
title: Bread Pudding For A Crowd(Abington Grange Supper)   instructions: Heat the milk in double boiler (I use 2 mixing bowls set in large kettles) until bubbly around the edges. The butter can be melted in the milk. Beat eggs lightly, add sugar and flavorings. Put bread cubes in baking pan (10 x 18 x 2 1/2-inches). Mix hot milk, eggs and flavorings. Pour over bread. Sprinkle raisins on top and try to submerge them somewhat with a rubber spatula. This will prevent them from sinking to the bottom or clumping together. Put your large broiler pan filled with water on lower oven rack and set pudding pan on a rack above. Bake about 1 hour or until a dinner knife inserted in the middle comes out clean. Serves 36.
title: Crunchy Ice Cream Pie instructions: Blend butter and sugar; mix with corn flakes, nutmeats and coconut. Line bottom and sides of 9-inch pie pan with 2/3 of mixture. Fill with ice cream. Sprinkle with remaining mixture. Freeze.
title: Quick Fruit Dessert instructions: Mix together thoroughly and refrigerate until thick. You may also add additional fruit, such as mandarin oranges, sliced peaches or bananas. Drain any additional fruit you add.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Mix first three ingredients. Fold in 1/2 carton of Cool whip. Pour into pie crust. Refrigerate 3 to 4 hours. Top with remaining Cool Whip.
title: Chicken Tetrazzini instructions: Boil chicken. Cook spaghetti. Combine soups with melted butter and sour cream. Stir in chicken and mushrooms, then add spaghetti. Combine all together. Add salt and pepper and spread into a 13 x 9-inch casserole dish. Sprinkle grated Cheddar cheese on top, then sprinkle Parmesan cheese. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Chocolate Cream Pie instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients in a saucepan; set sugar mixture aside. Combine egg yolks and milk; stir into sugar mixture. Add butter. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and boils. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Spoon into pastry shell. Spread meringue over hot filling. Bake at 325° for 25 to 28 minutes.
title: Oyster Chowder instructions: Drain oysters, reserving liquor and chop. Arrange alternate layers of celery, rice and oysters in a kettle; season with salt, pepper and Old Bay. Add water and oyster liquid; simmer 1/2 hour. Mix egg yolks and milk and add to chowder. Heat below boiling point for only a few minutes and serve piping hot. If allowed to cook too long after adding the eggs, it will curdle. Serves 6.
title: Chocolate Bread Pudding instructions: Fill a 13 x 9-inch baking pan half full of hot tap water and place on oven rack in center of oven. Heat oven to 325°. Have ready 6 (6 ounce) custard cups or souffle dish. In a medium size bowl, whisk eggs to blend yolks and whites. Whisk in milk, sugar and vanilla until well blended. Place 1 slice bread in bottom of ungreased custard cups. Sprinkle with 1/2 tablespoon chocolate chips. Add 2 slices bread overlapping to fit and sprinkle with another 1/2 tablespoon of chips. Pour on about 1/2 cup milk mixture. Gently press down so slices begin to absorb milk mixture. Place cups in pan of hot water. Bake 25 to 40 minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Grape-Nut Pudding instructions: Mix cereal with butter. Blend into eggs. Add cereal and remaining ingredients and blend. Pour into 1-quart pan. Put this pan in another filled with an inch of water. Bake at 375° for 30 minutes. Stir thoroughly. Bake 30 minutes longer. Serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.
title: Peach Cobbler instructions: Mix milk, flour and sugar in bowl. Melt 1 stick butter in long dish in oven, then pour in mixture and peaches. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Barbecue Baked Beans instructions: Cook bacon and onion rings until tender; drain. Combine bacon, onion, baked beans and barbecue sauce in 2-quart casserole; cover. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Garnish with additional cooked bacon strips, if desired.
title: Creamed Tacos instructions: Cook the beef, bell pepper and onion. Drain the beef. Add the enchilada sauce, taco sauce and salt and pepper to taste. Layer 6 tortillas in a 13 x 9-inch pan with half of the meat mixture and half of the grated cheese. Finish with second layer of each. Pour the Pet milk over layers. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Good Ole Chili instructions: Brown hamburger and drain off grease. Return meat to pan on low heat. Chop onion in medium size chunks. Destem mushrooms and chop into medium size chunks. Add to hamburger meat and cook with lid on over medium heat approximately 20 minutes. Add 4 cans of tomato sauce and 1 package of chili mix. Simmer over low heat approximately 1 hour. Serve with corn chips, sour cream and cheese.
title: Pork Chop Casserole instructions: Trim excess fat from pork chops. Brown in frying pan thoroughly on both sides. Salt and pepper to taste. Place in a deep baking dish. Mix baked beans, chili sauce, brown sugar and Worcestershire sauce. Pour over pork chops and top with pepper rings. Bake at 375° for 1 hour.
title: Three Layer Pudding Cake instructions: Mix together. Pat into dish and bake for 10 minutes at 350°. Cool.
title: Fudge Cakes instructions: Melt butter and chocolate together. Add to eggs, sugar and flour. Mix well. Add vanilla. Pour into shallow, greased pan (11 x 7). Bake at 375° for 30 minutes. Sprinkle with 10x sugar.
title: Tex-Mex Chicken Casserole instructions: Place corn in ungreased 2-quart casserole. Top with chicken and olives. Mix soup, chilies, pimientos, sour cream, salt and cumin; spread over the chicken mixture. Sprinkle with chips. Bake, uncovered, in a 350° oven for 40 to 45 minutes.
title: Poor Man'S Pecan Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients; pour into pie shell and bake in 350° oven for about 50 minutes. Cool before cutting.
title: Mini Cheesecakes instructions: Preheat oven to 300°. Combine crumbs, sugar and margarine. Press equal portions onto bottom of 24 lightly greased or paper cup lined muffin cups.
title: Hot Fruit instructions: Layer the fruit in casserole dish. Mix the flour and sugar and sprinkle over the fruit. Next, add butter and crackers (mixed). Sprinkle 6 tablespoons reserved liquid on top. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
title: Artichoke Dip instructions: Chop artichoke hearts; mix with other ingredients. (I mix in the bowl I'm using to bake.) Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Serve with corn chips around baking dish.
title: Haystacks instructions: Melt peanut butter and morsels in top of double boiler. (Don't let water boil.) Add marshmallows and noodles. Spoon onto waxed paper. Let cool.
title: Golden Fruit Punch instructions: Combine juices and sugar in a punch bowl. Stir until well mixed. Add ginger ale and ice cubes. Garnish with orange and lemon slices, if desired. Yields 4 1/2 quarts of punch.
title: Atkins Diet Creamy Cheesecake instructions: Heat oven to 400°. In a small bowl, combine pecans, 1/4 cup of Splenda and butter. Spread into pie pan. Bake for 6 minutes, then set on a wire rack to cool.
title: Dump Cake instructions: Pour pie filling into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Pour cake mix over top of pie filling. Spread out evenly. Do not stir. Cover with butter cut in patties. Bake at 350° for 35 to 45 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Peach Preserves instructions: Combine fruit and sugar; let stand 12 to 18 hours in cool place. Sterilize canning jars. Bring slowly to boiling, stirring frequently. Boil gently until fruit becomes clear and syrup thick, about 40 minutes. As mixture thickens, stir frequently to prevent sticking. Skim, if necessary. Pour hot preserves into hot jars, leaving 1/4-inch headspace. Wipe jar rims and adjust lids. Process 5 minutes in a boiling water bath.
title: Chili Mac instructions: Brown meat; drain off fat. Add onion soup mix and 4 cups water. Add tomato paste and water. Add tomato soup and water. Simmer until onions are tender. Add chili powder and kidney beans. Cook elbow macaroni; add to chili.
title: Peppers Relish instructions: Chop peppers and onions. Cover with boiling water. Let stand for 5 minutes. Drain. Add vinegar, sugar and salt; boil mixture 5 minutes. Pour into clean hot jars and seal immediately. Good with hot dogs and hamburgers or dried beans.
title: Apple Chicken Salad instructions: In a bowl, combine apples, chicken, mayonnaise, pepper, pimento, rosemary and lemon pepper. Chill until ready to serve. Place lettuce leaf on a serving plate and top with the chilled chicken salad. Garnish with alfalfa sprouts if desired.
title: Homemade Chocolate Ice Cream instructions: In a large bowl, stir together milk and syrup. Fold in whipped cream. Pour into aluminum foil lined 9 x 5-inch loaf pan; cover. Freeze 6 hours or until firm. Scoop ice cream from pan or remove from pan, peel off foil and slice. Return leftovers to freezer.
title: Marion Barbecue instructions: Mix all together. Cook until done at 350°.
title: Broccoli Bake instructions: Cook broccoli and drain. Combine soup, eggs, mayo and onion in large bowl. Add broccoli and 1 cup of shredded cheese; mix gently. Pour into 13 x 9-inch baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining cheese. Combine butter and stuffing cubes, then spread on top. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes.
title: Fish Souffle(Fiskegrateng)   instructions: Make a white sauce by melting butter, then mixing in flour and gradually adding milk. Mix the chopped onion into the sauce and bring to a boil. Allow sauce to cool and then mix the egg yolks in. Beat the egg whites until stiff, but not dry and fold them into the sauce very carefully. Add the fish to this mixture. Pour the mixture into a round baking dish (10-inch) and sprinkle with bread crumbs. Let bake for 1 hour at about 400°. Serve with melted butter.
title: Ice Cream (Peach) instructions: Mix in freezer. Fill up with milk to line. This recipe has never failed. Enjoy!
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Mix peanut butter, cream cheese and sugar with electric mixer until well blended. Add milk and blend. Fold in Cool Whip. Pour into crusts. Freeze. Serve topped with Hershey's chocolate syrup.
title: Tuna Salad instructions: Mix ingredients together. Makes great sandwiches. Add lettuce and tomato to sandwich for extra taste and crunch.
title: Low Cholesterol Banana Bread instructions: Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, soda and salt. Mix in wheat germ. Add all remaining ingredients and beat until well blended. Place in a greased 8 x 4-inch loaf pan. Bake at 350° for about one hour, or until done. Makes one loaf.
title: Supreme Potatoes instructions: Mix potatoes, soup, sour cream and onions together; place in a casserole dish. Top with cheese and bake in a 350° oven for approximately 1 hour.
title: Impossible Vegetable Pie instructions: Mix broccoli, onion and green pepper; place in a lightly greased pie plate, 10 x 1 1/2-inches. Beat remaining ingredients 1 minute with hand beater. Pour into pie plate; bake 40 minutes at 400° until knife comes out clean. Let stand 5 minutes before cutting.
title: Fresh Lemon Tonic instructions: Stir lemon juice and sugar together until sugar is dissolved. Add whole cloves. Pour in chilled tonic water. Serve over 1 or 2 ice cubes in each glass. Garnish with a lemon slice and a mint leaf.
title: Italian Beef instructions: Cook beef until tender. Take beef out of juice and tear up into small pieces. Return to broth; add peppers, cheese and oregano. Simmer until ingredients are thoroughly blended, approximately 1/2 to 3/4 hour. Salt to taste.
title: California Chicken instructions: Cook first four ingredients together. Brown four tablespoons butter in skillet; add flour to this and milk to make a gravy. Add mushroom soup and tuna. Salt and pepper to taste. Put in a casserole. Put cracker crumbs on top. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Onion Roasted Potatoes instructions: Preheat oven to 450°. In plastic bag or bowl, add all ingredients. Close bag and shake or toss in bowl until potatoes are coated. Empty potatoes into a 13 x 9-inch baking pan; discard bag. Bake, stirring occasionally, for 40 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. Makes about 8 servings.
title: Rice Pudding instructions: Let the water, milk and rice boil on medium heat until rice is soft. Add the eggs, sugar and vanilla and mix together well. Let simmer for about 5 minutes. Cool and pour into bowls. Sprinkle with cinnamon.
title: Steamed Yellow Squash instructions: Put margarine in bottom of pan. Wash and slice squash. Add onion and pepper and salt to choice. Start to boil margarine with other ingredients in pan also, then cover and turn down to low temperature. Cook until tender. Serve.
title: Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Cook sugar, cocoa, margarine and sweet milk 1 minute after boiling good. Remove from heat. Add oatmeal, coconut, nuts and peanut butter. Mix well.	Take out by teaspoon and drop on greased paper.
title: Easy Microwave Beef Stew instructions: Place first eleven ingredients in microwave covered dish. Microwave at High for 10 minutes, Medium-high for 10 minutes and Low for 30 minutes. Stir. Add more water, if necessary. Microwave until tender. Add vegetables. Microwave at High until tender. Gradually sprinkle four tablespoons of flour over stew while stirring. Cook (microwave) until thickened, stirring once. May also be cooked conventionally.
title: Brownies instructions: Mix all together and bake approximately 25 minutes at 350°.
title: Cottage Pudding instructions: Combine flour, baking soda and salt in mixing bowl. Combine shortening, sugar, egg, milk and vanilla. Add to flour mixture. Beat until smooth. Pour into greased and floured 9-inch square pan. Bake 25 to 30 minutes at 350°. Cut into 3-inch squares and serve warm with hot vanilla sauce.
title: Pumpkin Bars instructions: In medium bowl, combine oatmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir to mix. Make well in center; add pumpkin, egg, butter and vanilla. Stir until dry ingredients are moistened. Stir in raisins and nuts. Spread mixture in a 9 x 9 pan that has been greased. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until firm and lightly browned. Let cool in pan. Cut into bars.
title: Pretzel Candy instructions: Melt chocolate in double boiler. Stir in rest of ingredients and dump onto foil. Let it set hard and break into pieces.
title: One Pot Ham-N-Potatoes instructions: Combine potatoes, seasoning mix, milk, butter, ham, beans, and water in 2 quart saucepan. Simmer, covered, for 20 minutes. Stir occasionally. Gently stir in apple. Simmer, covered, for 5 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. Makes 3 to 4 servings.
title: Sweet Potato Pie instructions: Combine all ingredients with melted oleo. Mix well with mixer. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake on bottom rack of oven at 350° until set, approximately 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Broccoli Cheese Casserole instructions: Saute onion in butter. Combine remaining ingredients and heat (mix all ingredients together). Pour in casserole; bake at 325° for 20 minutes.
title: Vanilla Fudge instructions: Stir sugar and canned milk until dissolved, heating slowly to a slow boil (will scorch easily). Place cream of tartar on side of pan and dissolve before mixing thoroughly. Cook slowly to soft ball stage. Add Karo syrup. Set aside to cool. Add vanilla and butter. Cool to thumbprint. Beat until smooth. Add nuts and pour into greased pan.
title: Shoo-Fly Pie(Cake Type)   instructions: In large bowl, combine the flour, sugars, baking powder and shortening by working into crumbs with fingers. Set aside.
title: Hush Puppies instructions: In cup beat together milk and egg. In medium bowl, combine dry ingredients. Pour egg mixture into dry ingredients. Stir in onion.
title: Two Minute Fudge instructions: In a 1 1/2 quart microwave safe dish, stir together the sugar, cocoa, salt, milk and vanilla. Mixture will be stiff. Top with the stick of butter. Microwave at high for two minutes. Stir until smooth and blend in the nuts. Pour into 8-inch square dish lined with wax paper and refrigerate until firm. Cut into squares.
title: Breakfast Casserole instructions: Cut bread slices in half and arrange in bottom of a greased 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Brown and drain sausage. Spoon sausage over bread. Sprinkle with cheese. In a mixing bowl beat eggs with milk, mustard, salt and pepper. Pour over sausage. Refrigerate overnight. Bake at 350° for 35 to 45 minutes.
title: Wassail instructions: Heat all ingredients except oranges. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Strain punch and pour into punch bowl. Float oranges on top. Makes 32 (1/2-cup) servings, 85 calories per cup.
title: Cheese Spread instructions: Mix well and refrigerate. Spread on crackers.
title: Mock Apple Rings instructions: Soak cucumbers in lime water overnight. Wash 3 times and soak for 3 hours in cold water. Drain.
title: Oven Fried Sesame Chicken instructions: Combine sesame seed, flour and pepper. Dip chicken parts in soy sauce and dredge in sesame seed mixture. Arrange in baking dish; drizzle with melted margarine. Bake at 400° for 40 to 45 minutes or until chicken is tender.
title: Jewish Apple Cake instructions: Mix apples, cinnamon and sugar. Set aside. Put other ingredients in large bowl and beat together until smooth. Grease and flour tube pan. Put layer of batter and layer of apples. Continue layering; end with layer of apples on top. Bake at 350° about 1 1/2 hours or until done. Test with toothpick.
title: Chocolate Dip instructions: Break chocolate into a bowl, heat some water in the saucepan over a low heat, until it just begins to bubble. Keeping the heat on low, place the bowl over the saucepan. Stir the chocolate with a wooden spoon until it completely melts. Turn off the heat. Very carefully move the saucepan and the bowl from the stove to a mat or dish towel.
title: Sweet Apple Bucket instructions: Place sliced apples in a 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut in egg with pastry blender until crumbly. Sprinkle mixture over apples. Pour melted butter over top, then sprinkle lightly with cinnamon. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Serve with ice cream or whipped cream.
title: Picante Sauce instructions: Chop or mince all vegetables. Simmer on low heat in a covered pan for 25 to 30 minutes. Refrigerate.
title: Rabbit Divan instructions: Cook broccoli partially according to package directions; drain. Layer broccoli and rabbit in 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Combine mushroom soup, mayonnaise, milk and lemon juice in bowl; mix well. Pour over layers. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Spinach Souffle instructions: Melt margarine. Blend in flour and salt. Cook over low heat; stir until smooth and bubbly. Remove from heat and gradually stir in milk. Return to heat and bring to boil, stirring constantly. Cook 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in spinach and onion. Beat Egg Beaters; fold in spinach mixture. Put in greased casserole. Bake at 325° for 50 minutes.
title: Cheese Spread instructions: Cook eggs, vinegar, sugar and salt together, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and add butter and cream cheese. Whip until smooth. Chop up an onion and green pepper very fine and add to the mixture. Refrigerate overnight. Makes 1 pint.
title: Easy Apple Coffee Cake instructions: In a bowl, stir together flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt.
title: Chinese Chicken Wings instructions: Combine soy sauce, honey, oil, garlic and Five Spice powder. Pour over chicken. Marinate 4 hours. Remove wings and place on a broiler rack. Bake at 375° for 45 minutes, turning and basting every 15 minutes.
title: Rice Salad instructions: Combine cream cheese, sugar and mayonnaise until smooth. Add other ingredients, folding Cool Whip in last. Refrigerate overnight before serving.
title: Cherry Salad instructions: Mix together and chill.
title: Meal In One instructions: Brown steak and onions together in a large skillet. Take out of skillet and set aside. Brown flour (as if to make gravy). Add milk and stir. Add your tomatoes and mushroom steak sauce. Simmer for a few minutes.	Add green beans. Let simmer for a few more minutes on low heat. Add your meat with onions. Pour into a casserole dish. Spread mashed potatoes on top. Brush top of potatoes with melted butter. Bake until potatoes turn a golden brown at 325 to 350°.
title: Drop Biscuits instructions: Preheat oven to 450°. Sift together dry ingredients. Cut in shortening until coarse. Make a well in center and pour all the milk. Stir until barely damp. Drop by spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Baked Oatmeal instructions: Mix egg with the milk then add the remaining ingredients. Spread in well greased loaf pan. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Serve with milk. Keep remaining loaf in refrigerator. Heat slices if desired in microwave.
title: 7-Up Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Bake in a sheet cake pan for 35 to 45 minutes.
title: Moma Neel'S Pound Cake instructions: Cream sugar, shortening and oleo. Add one egg at a time. Beat well. Add flour and milk, ending with milk. Add vanilla. Bake at 325° for 1 hour in floured and greased tube pan.
title: Bleu Cheese Dip instructions: Mix first ingredients with mixer. Add bleu cheese and mix on slow to stir in. Great with fries, wings, and terrific on baked potatoes. ENJOY!
title: Southern Greens instructions: Soak greens in several changes of cold water; drain. Transfer to a large saucepot; cover and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally until stems are just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and cool slightly; coarsely chop. Add salt pork to large skillet and cook over medium heat until crisp, about 5 minutes. Add pepper flakes and salt. Stir in chopped greens; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Makes 5 cups.
title: Cha Cha instructions: Mix ingredients well. Let set overnight all but the vinegar. Pour vinegar over mixture the next day and cook until brown. Do not add water.
title: Guacamole Dip instructions: Peel and mash avocados. Add salt and lemon juice. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, garlic, pepper and onion. Add hot pepper, if desired, and onion seasoning to taste. Serve with crackers. Yields 1 1/2 cups.
title: Country-Style Baked Ham instructions: Combine the red pepper, garlic powder and seasoned salt in a shallow bowl. Add the beef and mix with hands to coat each piece. Preheat the broiler (in the bottom of the stove) or prepare the barbecue grill so that you have hot coals. Thread the meat, alternating with onions, onto 12-inch skewers. Broil in the oven for 4 to 5 minutes or until the meat is tender. Cook on the grill, on all sides, until the meat is tender.
title: Pie Crust - Easy - Never Fail instructions: Crumble ingredients with pie blender. Beat 1 egg in cup and finish filling cup with ice water. Mix all together. Roll into crust. Makes 2 (2-crust) pies or 4 single or 8 apple dumplings. Crust freezes well.
title: Park Avenue Cake instructions: Line a 9 x 13-inch pan with double thickness of wax paper. Sift dry ingredients together. Beat egg whites until frothy and add 1/2 cup sugar making high peaked meringue. Cream lard and add sugar. Beat until fluffy and add milk and dry ingredients alternately. Combine with meringue and put in pan. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Yum Yum Meat Loaf instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix meat, chopped celery, green pepper, onion and carrot in a mixing bowl. Add egg, cracker crumbs, salt, red pepper and black pepper. Mix thoroughly with generous amounts of ketchup.
title: Fresh Broccoli Soup instructions: Trim off large leaves of broccoli and remove tough ends of lower stalks. Wash broccoli thoroughly and chop. Place broccoli in a Dutch oven; add water to depth of 1 inch. Bring to a boil; cover, reduce heat and simmer 10 to 12 minutes or until tender. Drain and set aside.
title: Nicole'S Nachos instructions: In saucepan combine soup and salsa. Heat thoroughly over low heat, stirring often. Serve over tortilla chips. Top with tomato, green onions and pepper.
title: Crowd-Pleasing Potato Dish instructions: First arrange potatoes in circle in microwave-on high- 12 minutes.
title: Apricot Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cream the butter, sugar, egg and vanilla. Mix in salt, flour and coconut. Stir well. Reserve 3/4 cup for topping. Spread the rest in a greased 9 x 11-inch pan. Spread apricot preserves over mixture and sprinkle nuts over preserves. Crumble reserved 3/4 cup dough over top. Bake 30 minutes. Cool and cut into 24 bars.
title: Salmon Croquettes instructions: Blend butter and flour. Add	milk and 1 egg. Cook until thickened.	Stir in salmon, onion, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, salt and pepper.	Cook until mixture begins to bubble. Add 1 egg.	Continue cooking until egg whites harden. Chill for a few hours. Shape into balls. Roll in crumbs. Dip into beaten egg again and roll in crumbs. Fry in deep hot fat. Yields 6 servings.
title: Quick And Simple Brunswick Stew instructions: Add ingredients as listed, stirring after each addition, so that it is thoroughly mixed. Place in 4-quart container and bring to a boil, stirring to prevent scorching, then simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Or, place ingredients in a 4-quart crock-pot and cook on low overnight.
title: Dill Dip instructions: Mix all; serve with vegetables or fill round loaf of pumpernickel bread. Cut out center and make cubes to dip in bread.
title: Holiday Jello Mold instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water. When jello becomes syrupy, add sour cream, cherries, crushed pineapple with juice and nuts. Chill until firm.
title: Refresh Scents instructions: Mix cinnamon stick, cloves, extract and dried flowers. Add orange rind. Place in container. Can use sense pleasers in baskets, Mason jar, big brandy snifter or whatever fits your environment.
title: Rainbow Punch instructions: Boil sugar and water for 3 minutes. Place in refrigerator overnight. Mix water mixture, juices, extract and ginger ale. Stir until mixed. Add sherbet. Serves 25.
title: Champagne Punch instructions: Mix all ingredients together except the champagne. Sweeten to taste if you want. Just before serving add the champagne and ice.
title: Sand Tarts instructions: Melt butter in saucepan. Add other ingredients in given order. Roll into 48 to 50 balls and place onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 25 minutes at 350°. Roll in white or colored confectioners sugar.
title: Oriental Chicken Salad instructions: In a small bowl or jar with tight fitting top, combine lime juice, honey, soy sauce. Mix or shake well. Refrigerate until ready to use.
title: Apple Mystery instructions: Mix and sift first 6 ingredients. Stir in unbeaten eggs and vanilla. Fold in apples and walnuts. Turn into well greased 9-inch pie plate. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes until brown and crusty. Serve warm or cold with topping or ice cream.
title: Savory Pot Roast instructions: Preheat oven to 275°. In a 6-quart Dutch oven, put the roast, mushroom soup, dry onion soup mix, the water, potatoes and carrots. Put in by 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, and it should be ready for lunch by the time that you come home from church, change clothes and make a salad (4 to 5 hours).
title: Chess Pie instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Mix in flour and cornmeal. Add eggs, milk, vanilla and lemon juice. Beat well. Bake in moderate oven at 350° for 55 to 60 minutes, or until knife comes out clean.
title: Cream Cheese Pound Cake instructions: Have cream cheese at room temperature. In a large bowl, mix all ingredients together. Blend well. Pour into greased Bundt or tube pan. Bake at 350° until done.
title: Flannel Pancakes instructions: Measure and sift dry ingredients together. Beat egg yolks and add milk. Pour milk mixture slowly into dry ingredients; beat thoroughly. Add melted butter, then fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Bake on hot griddle. Makes about 12 medium sized cakes.
title: Play Dough instructions: Mix ingredients in a pot. Cook over medium heat, stirring continuously, until no longer liquid. Remove and knead in coloring. Store in airtight container.
title: Barbecue Sauce instructions: Bring to a boil. Pour over meat. Put onions on top. Keep adding water until meat is done. Barbecue beef is good warmed up.
title: Fudge Swirl Toffee Pie instructions: Melt chips; mix in milk, cream cheese and brown sugar. Spread in pie crust. Spread Marshmallow Creme on top and swirl around with knife. Top with whipped cream and almond. Chill until set.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Mix well. Form into a ball and sprinkle with paprika. Refrigerate.
title: Baked Chicken In Rice instructions: Mix chicken, soup and water. Add salt, pepper and paprika. Bake at 375° to 400° for 45 minutes, uncovered. Last 10 minutes, add rice. Make sure there's at least 1 cup of liquid left so the rice looks soupy.
title: Good Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients and bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Chocolate Layer Dessert instructions: Mix flour, nuts and margarine together and pat in 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes. Let cool. Mix cream cheese, powdered sugar and Cool Whip together and pour over crust. Mix puddings and milk and pour over cream cheese mixture. Top with Cool Whip and nuts. Refrigerate.
title: Chocolate Pound Cake instructions: Mix flour, baking powder, salt and cocoa. In mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar. Alternate, adding dry ingredients, eggs and milk. Add vanilla. Bake at 350° in well-greased tube pan for about 1 hour and 15 minutes.
title: Pineapple Cupcakes instructions: Sift together first 4 ingredients and set aside. Mix together shortening, white sugar and brown sugar; blend in 2 eggs and beat together 1 minute. Add pineapple and juice, then dry ingredients; blend. Add flavoring and chocolate chips. Fill cupcake cups 3/4 full. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes. Frost when cool.
title: Fudge instructions: Melt oleo. Add milk and sugar. Boil until firm ball forms when dropped in cold water. Add marshmallows, chips, nuts and vanilla. Pour in greased pan. Cool and cut.
title: German Shepherd Pie instructions: Saute onion in butter (soft not brown). Add meat, spices and gravy. Place in casserole; top with mashed potatoes and brush with beaten egg. Bake at 425° for 20 minutes.
title: Tuna Burgers instructions: Mix first 8 ingredients together then make into patties (4). Fry on both sides. Serve with vegetables and potatoes or put in buns.
title: Nita'S Special Corn instructions: Simmer all ingredients for 20 minutes, adding bread crumbs lastly. More flour and bread crumbs will help thicken the mixture.
title: Red Salsa instructions: In a bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, cilantro, chilies and salt; mix well. Prepare as close to serving time as possible. Makes 1 1/2 cups (1/4 cup per serving). Per serving: 15.0 calories, 0.14 gr. fat, 8.01 calories from fat.
title: Coconut Cream Pie instructions: Mix together flour, cornstarch, sugar and salt. Add milk. Cook until thick. Add 1/2 of the mixture to egg yolks. Stir well. Add	other 1/2 of mixture. Stir well and return to same saucepan. Cook 5 minutes longer. Add coconut and vanilla. Put in baked pie crust.
title: Hush Puppies instructions: In a large bowl mix together all dry ingredients. In smaller bowl mix together the remaining ingredients. Add the wet mixture to the dry and mix thoroughly. Mixture will be very thick. Heat oil in skillet or deep fryer to 375 degrees. Using a teaspoon gently slide spoonfuls of mixture into the hot oil. Taking care to hold the spoon close to the oil to prevent splashing the hot oil on you. When mixture starts to stick to spoon, simply rinse in a cup of water. Gently stir at least once to ensure even browning. Remove from oil when deep brown, it takes approx. 3 minutes. Place on paper towels to drain.
title: Quick Chicken Parmesan instructions: Place chicken in a baking dish, about 8 x 8-inch). Place sliced Mozzarella cheese over chicken. Pour sauce over all. Top with Parmesan cheese. Bake at 350° until chicken is cooked, about 45 minutes. Serve with garlic bread and/or spaghetti noodles.
title: Swiss Steak instructions: Cut round steak into bite size pieces. Chop onion and bell pepper. Combine and brown in frying pan. Add garlic salt, if desired. Add tomato sauce. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve over rice.
title: Carrot Cake instructions: Beat sugar, oil and eggs until fluffy. Add flour, cinnamon, soda, salt, nuts and carrots to sugar mixture. Mix and beat all of the ingredients well. Bake at 375` for 35 to 45 minutes in 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Will also make a large 9-inch 2 layer cake. Top with Cream Cheese Frosting.
title: Frontier Nut Bread instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Blend baking mix, sugar, eggs and milk in large mixer bowl on low speed for 1/2 minute, scraping bowl frequently. Beat 3 minutes on medium speed. Stir in remaining ingredients. Pour batter into greased and floured loaf pan (9 x 5 x 3-inch). Bake 50 to 60 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes, remove from pan. Cool thoroughly before serving.
title: Mexican Layered Dip instructions: Spread bean dip on shallow serving tray (make sure the sides are at least 1-inch high). Mash avocados and add lemon juice, salt and pepper. Spread on top of bean dip. Mix sour cream, mayonnaise and taco seasoning mix. Spread on top of avocado layer (or bean dip layer if avocado layer is omitted). Layer in order: chopped green onions, chopped black olives and tomatoes. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese on top. Chill at least 3 hours before serving. Enjoy with Tostitos or Doritos.
title: Hominy Casserole instructions: Drain corn and hominy thoroughly. Place in casserole dish with onion and pepper. Melt butter and Cheez Whiz in a saucepan and pour over hominy and corn mixture. Bake in a 350° oven for 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Grandma Van'S No-Fail Pie Crust instructions: Put dry ingredients into bowl. Cut in shortening. Mix beaten egg, vinegar and water together. Add liquid all at once and mix with fork just enough to moisten all flour. Roll out. May be kept in refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Bake at 450° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Broccoli And Cheese Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli. Drain. Mix egg, onion, mayonnaise and soup. Add broccoli. Cover with bread crumbs and cheese. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until top is browned.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Grease and flour 9 x 13-inch pan. Preheat oven to 350°. Spread coconut in bottom of pan. Sprinkle chopped pecans over coconut.
title: Waffles instructions: Sift flour, salt and baking powder into bowl. Beat yolks well and add milk. Beat, adding this to the flour mixture, slowly beating until smooth. Add melted butter and fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Makes four big ones.
title: Chocolate Mousse instructions: Beat 6 egg whites stiff. Add pinch of salt. Beat egg yolks stiff. Add 1 tablespoon sugar. Melt chocolate bars in double boiler, then cool. Add chocolate to egg yolks. Add vanilla and rum or kahlua. Fold in egg whites. Chill 2 hours before serving. Top with whipped cream.
title: Pumpkin Applesauce Bread instructions: Cream together shortening and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time. Beat well after each. Stir in applesauce and pumpkin. Sift together dry ingredients and add alternately with apple juice. Stir in chopped nuts. Turn into 2 greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pans. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until done. May be wrapped in foil and frozen.
title: Spinach Quiche(No Crust)   instructions: Grease a 10-inch pie plate with margarine. Pour the above mixture into pie dish. Bake at 350° for 35 to 45 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean.
title: Peach Salad instructions: Heat 1 c. juice to boiling. Add jello stir to dissolve. Add to soft cream cheese in blender. Blend until smooth, add mashed peaches, refrigerate until cool and thick. Fold in cool whip. Refrigerate.
title: Dump Cake instructions: Grease a 13 x 9-inch baking pan lightly with butter; dump the entire can of pineapple chunks (with the juice) and spread evenly on the bottom of the pan. Dump the bag of shredded coconut and distribute over the fruit. Dump the entire package of yellow cake mix (dry) and smooth it with a spatula. Cover entire surface with 1/2 pound butter, cut into thin squares (do not mix anything). Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes until the top is lightly browned. Remove from the oven to cool; cut into squares to serve.
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Place 1/2 cup of uncooked rice in pan with 1 cup water and dash of salt. Let it come to a boil; turn off heat. Let remain on until cooled. Rice will not be sticky.
title: Caramel Peanut Nests instructions: Cover cookie sheet with waxed paper. Put caramels and water in a large pan. Heat over low heat, stirring constantly until melted and smooth. Add peanut butter. Stir until melted. Remove from heat. Add Cheerios. Mix until well coated. Drop by spoonfuls onto waxed paper. Press peanut candy into center of each cookie. Let stand until firm, about 1/2 hour. It's a fun treat for children!
title: Layered Casserole instructions: A recipe passed on from my husband's mother. Feeds a hungry group.
title: Coconut Pie instructions: Pour milk over coconut and let soak for a few minutes. Add sugar, margarine and eggs one at a time. Add vanilla; mix well. Pour into 2 unbaked pie shells. Bake at 325° for 40 to 45 minutes.
title: Zucchini Nut Bread instructions: Beat eggs, add oil, sugar, zucchini and vanilla. Mix well. Add remaining ingredients. Mix until well blended. Bake in greased loaf pans (makes 2) 1 hour at 325°. (Nuts optional.)
title: Broccoli-Cauliflower Salad instructions: Mix first 5 ingredients. Pour over vegetables that have been cut up in small pieces. Refrigerate.
title: Pear And Sour Cherry Crisp instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Combine flour, 1/3 cup sugar, salt and nutmeg. Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Peel and core pears and cut into chunks. Drain cherries. Combine pears and cherries with remaining 2/3 cup sugar, cornstarch and almond extract. Put fruit mixture in a 2-quart baking dish. Sprinkle crumb topping over fruit. Bake until golden, about 1 hour.
title: Layered Ice Cream instructions: Allow ice cream to soften to a spreadable consistency. In a small square pan, layer all ingredients. Syrup and cookie crumbs may be poured and sprinkled instead of spread. Re-freeze and cut into squares. Serve alone or topped with cookies and Cool Whip.
title: Cauliflower Dip instructions: Mix ingredients well. Chill for one hour. Serve with raw cauliflower or any fresh vegetables.
title: Paul Nelson'S Famous Chicken Pie instructions: Cook chicken until tender. Season to taste. Mix soup, sour cream and poppy seed. Pour over chicken in a 13 x 9-inch pan. Pour melted margarine over crushed crackers. Sprinkle cracker mixture over casserole and bake 40 minutes at 350°.
title: Lace Cookies instructions: Mix dry ingredients; add melted butter and stir. Add egg and vanilla (batter will be runny and can be refrigerated overnight). Put aluminum foil over cookie sheets. Drop 1/2 teaspoon of batter on foil. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes. (Be sure to keep watch; cookies will burn easily.) Let cool completely, then peel cookies off foil.
title: Company Pork Chops instructions: Arrange pork chops in casserole or baking dish. Sprinkle chopped onion over the chops. Place 1 tablespoon of rice on each pork chop. Pour stewed tomatoes over the top. Cover dish with foil and bake for one hour at 350°. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
title: Date Filled Cookies instructions: Combine dates, 1 cup water, sugar and lemon juice. Cook until thick, then cool. While date mixture cools, make cookie dough.
title: Fudge Pie instructions: Mix above ingredients and pour into unbaked pie shell. Cook 25 minutes at 350°. Serve warm.
title: Icebox Bran Muffins instructions: Mix two cups All-Bran with 2 cups boiling water. Set aside to cool.
title: Chicken Enchiladas instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons cooking oil in a medium skillet. Holding a tortilla with tongs, dip each in hot oil 5 to 10 seconds or until limp. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Add more oil as necessary.
title: Potatoes Romanoff instructions: Cut potatoes in half and cook in boiling water until firm but tender (or microwave 8 minutes on High). Allow to cool. Coarsely grate potatoes and place into a greased casserole dish. Add onions and half the cheese. In a bowl, combine cream, milk and pepper. Pour over potatoes and cheese, then top with remaining cheese and the nutmeg. Chill for 2 hours or overnight. Bake, uncovered, in the oven at 350° for 40 minutes. Serves 6.
title: Fudge Pie instructions: Melt butter in medium saucepan; remove from heat. Add cocoa, sugar, eggs, flour, salt and vanilla. Beat well. Pour into a well-greased 9-inch pie pan. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes. Cool. Serve plain or topped with whipped cream or ice cream, if desired. If served warm, spoon into compotes. If chilled, cut as pie wedges. Yields 6 servings.
title: Poor Man'S Steak instructions: Mix together and spread on a cookie sheet. Refrigerate for 3 hours. Take out and cut in squares. Put in oven at 350° for 20 minutes. Take out and put in a big pan. Pour 2 cans golden mushroom soup over it and heat clear through in oven for about 45 minutes.
title: Pumpkin Cheesecake Bars instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. In large mixer bowl, on low speed, combine cake mix, 1 egg, margarine and 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice until crumbly. Press onto bottom of 15 x 10-inch jelly roll pan.
title: Chinese Chicken Wings instructions: Remove wing tips. Cut wings in half through joint. In large bowl, stir soy sauce and rest of ingredients. Add chicken. Toss and coat well. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Place wings in jelly roll pan. Bake, uncovered, in 375° oven for 45 minutes. Brush twice with marinade.
title: Texas Chili instructions: Combine all ingredients in a slow cooker at simmer setting. Simmer for about 5 hours. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Fruit Medley instructions: Drain all canned fruit, saving fruit cocktail juice (about 2 cups needed). Whisk in Tang and instant pudding. Pour over all the fruit. This makes a big portion.
title: Barbecued Green Beans instructions: Fry bacon and saute onion. Drain and add next four ingredients. Simmer for 2 minutes. Pour over green beans. Crumble 1 slice of fried bacon over top of beans and bake 350 degrees for 30 minutes.
title: Orange Julius instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender on high speed for 1 minute. Makes 2 drinks.
title: Salmon Spread instructions: Mix together salmon, cream cheese, dill weed, onion and horseradish. Moisten with mayonnaise. Serve with crackers.
title: Congealed Dessert instructions: Dissolve lime gelatin in 3/4 cup boiling water. Let cool in refrigerator; do not let get firm. Blend cream cheese and mayonnaise. Add drained pineapple, diced bananas and chopped pecans. Add drained, diced cherries. Stir this mixture into gelatin. Whip cream into soft peaks. Fold cream into gelatin mixture. Pour into mold or 9 x 12-inch Pyrex dish. Let chill 5 hours or overnight; cover well.
title: Oil Pie Crust instructions: Mix together and roll on waxed paper. Prick sides and bottom with fork. Bake at 450° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Blend salad oil, vinegar, salt and pepper. Pour over hot potatoes; toss, then let cool. Add celery, onion, eggs, olives, pickles, pimentos and mayonnaise. Toss and refrigerate.
title: Chili-Pepper Cheese Bake instructions: Grease 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Layer bottom with strips of chili peppers. Mix remaining ingredients and pour over peppers. Bake at 250° for about 45 minutes. Cut into pieces that will fit onto Waverly Wafers.
title: Idaho Potato Cake instructions: In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend in potatoes and vanilla. Combine flour, cocoa and baking soda. Add alternately with milk, blending well after each addition. Stir in nuts. Pour into a greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Bake at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes or until cake tests done. Cool on a wire rack.
title: Tortilla Chip Dip instructions: Microwave cream cheese 45 seconds on Medium-high. Add salsa and stir well. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Shipwrecked instructions: Brown hamburger and onion in skillet. Drain grease. In a greased casserole, layer hamburger, potatoes, rice, celery, tomatoes, kidney beans and Cheddar cheese. Make at least 2 layers, then pour water over top. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Noodle Nibbles instructions: Mix melted butter, soy sauce and hot pepper sauce. Drizzle over noodles. Toss lightly until noodles are well coated. Sprinkle with celery salt and onion powder, tossing to mix. Toast at 275° for 12 to 15 minutes.
title: Roast Chicken With Mushroom Gravy instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Place chicken in pan. Season with salt and pepper. Brush with lemon and butter. Roast 30 minutes in oven. Reduce heat to 350°. Cook for 1 1/4 hours more. Remove cooked chicken from pan and set aside. Discard 2/3 fat from pan. Place pan on stove over high heat. Add onion. Cook 3 minutes, stirring often. Add mushrooms and seasonings. Mix well. Cook 4 minutes over high heat. Mix beef stock and tomato paste. Cook 3 minutes more. Dissolve cornstarch in cold water. Stir into mushroom sauce and cook 1 minute. Serve roasted chicken with gravy and roasted potatoes.
title: Spicy Peanut Soup instructions: Melt the butter over medium heat in a 3 1/2 or 4-quart saucepan, then add the bacon. After a couple of minutes, add the onion, then cover the pot and cook for about 10 minutes or until the onion is translucent. Check the onion every now and then to make sure it is not burning.
title: Snack Crackers instructions: Mix Ranch salad dressing mix and oil until blended. Add spices. Pour over crackers. Put in warm oven (about 200°) and stir several times. Heat about 40 minutes or until dressing is gone.
title: New England Clam Chowder instructions: Saute the bacon with the onion until onion is translucent (about 3 minutes over medium heat). Add potatoes. Cook another 3 to 4 minutes. Add cream, thyme and bay leaves and bring to boil. Add clams and liquid. Cook slowly for 5 to 7 minutes over medium heat until heated through and reaches desired consistency. Add salt and pepper to taste.
title: Buffalo Chips instructions: Cream butter and sugars. Add eggs. Sift dry ingredients. Mix with creamed mixture. Add remaining ingredients. Drop by teaspoon on cookie sheet. Bake at 350°.
title: Pineapple Casserole instructions: Combine the flour, sugar and juice. Mix well with pineapple. Stir Cheddar cheese into pineapple. Pour into buttered casserole dish. Melt margarine and add crumbled crackers. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Cheesy Green Beans instructions: Cook bacon in skillet on medium heat until crisp. Drain bacon; reserve 2 tablespoons drippings. Crumble bacon; reserve 2 tablespoons. Cook beans as directed on package; drain well. Add mushrooms and onion to reserved drippings in skillet. Cook and stir on medium-high heat 10 minutes; drain. Add bacon, hot cooked green beans and pepper. Mix lightly. Spoon into serving dish. Microwave process cheese spread as directed on label. Pour over green bean mixture. Sprinkle with reserved 2 tablespoons crumbled bacon.
title: Old-Time Molasses Cake instructions: Mix dry ingredients together, then milk, molasses, eggs and butter. Bake in round 9-inch pan about 12 minutes at 375°.
title: Becky'S Marshmallow Clouds instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Leave marshmallows in freezer until just prior to baking, they thaw too quickly.
title: French Dressing instructions: Blend all of the ingredients in a blender.
title: Creole Seasoning Blend instructions: Combine all in blender or food processor. Mix at highest speed for 30 seconds. Store in tightly covered jar. Uses: gumbo, jambalaya, barbecue sauce, soups, stews, chicken, fish or shrimp.
title: Cheesecake Supreme instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Combine cream cheese, sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and salt until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Place crust on baking sheet. Pour in filling. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until knife inserted in from the edge comes out clean.
title: Caramel Brownies instructions: Mix together and pour into a greased 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: French Dressing instructions: Shake all together in a jar or put all together in a blender and blend. Store in a refrigerator.
title: Vanilla Ice Cream instructions: Beat cream until thick, then add rest of the ingredients. Freeze 1 hour or until hard, then remove mixture to bowl and beat it again. Re-freeze.
title: Chicken And Asparagus instructions: Place partially cooked asparagus in a greased 9-inch square baking dish. In a skillet over medium heat, brown the chicken in oil on both sides. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange chicken over asparagus. In a bowl, mix soup, mayonnaise and lemon juice; pour over chicken. Cover and bake at 375° for 40 minutes or until the chicken is tender and juices run clear. Sprinkle with cheese. Makes 4 servings.
title: Calypso Java Bread instructions: In mixing bowl, combine biscuit mix, brown sugar and flour. Dissolve coffee powder in milk; add all at once to dry ingredients, along with banana and egg. Beat until blended. Stir in dates and nuts. Grease bottoms of two 1 pound coffee cans. Divide batter between cans. Bake in 350° oven for 50 minutes; cool 10 minutes. Loosen sides of loaves with spatula; remove from cans.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Boil and peel potatoes, then mash. Add milk to beaten egg yolk and add to potatoes. Add orange juice and sugar (mix). Add spices and margarine. Put in buttered casserole dish. Whip egg whites until stiff (form peaks). Add 2 to 3 tablespoons sugar and beat. Fold egg whites to sweet potatoes mixture and bake 45 minutes to 1 hour at 350°.
title: Scalloped Potatoes instructions: Thaw potatoes slightly. Melt 1/4 cup oleo and mix with potatoes. Mix other 1/4 cup oleo with corn flakes. Mix all ingredients and top with corn flakes. Bake 45 minutes at 350° in a 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Sweet Sour Spareribs instructions: Lightly coat spareribs with flour. Fry with ginger and garlic. In separate pot, combine the rest of the ingredients except for the pineapple. Bring to a boil. Add the ribs and simmer until tender. Last 10 minutes of cooking, add the pineapple.
title: Aunt Eva'S Old Fashion Peach Shortcake instructions: Sift first 3 ingredients. In a measuring cup, put melted margarine and egg, then finish filling to 1 cup with milk. Add to flour mixture and beat well. Put into greased and floured 9-inch cake pan. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool. Split in half and put peaches between and on top of shortcake. Serve with ice cream or Cool Whip. Makes a beautiful dish and it is delicious.
title: Chili-Style Chuck Roast instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Season meat with the salt and pepper. In Dutch oven, brown meat on all sides in hot Crisco. Combine the sugar, mustard, paprika and chili powder. Rub over surface of meat. Combine the beans in gravy, onion and the 1/2 cup water. Pour mixture directly onto, not around, the meat. Cover; roast at 350° for 2 to 2 1/2 hours or until meat is tender. Remove roast and beans to warm platter. Skim off excess fat. Add enough water to pan drippings to make 1 cup liquid. Blend 2 tablespoons cold water with the flour. Add to pan juices; cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Serve gravy with meat. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Ms. Linda'S Jumbo Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Cream butter and shortening. Gradually add sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla. Combine flour, soda and salt. Add to creamed mixture. Stir in chocolate chips and pecans. Drop dough by scant 1/4 cupfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool slightly on cookie sheet. Remove to wire rack. Yield: 2 dozen.
title: Butter Cream Frosting instructions: In large bowl, cream	butter and shortening together. Add vanilla; gradually	add 10x sugar, one cup at a time, beating well on medium speed. Add milk and beat at high speed until light and fluffy. Keeps very well in refrigerator with tightly covered lid for several weeks.
title: Strawberry Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water. Add frozen strawberries; stir occasionally until thawed. Add pineapple and diced bananas. Pour half into an 8 x 8 x 2-inch pan. Chill firm.
title: Chicken Cacciatore instructions: Combine all ingredients and cook over medium heat for 6 minutes after mixture comes to a boil. Serve over a bed of cooked spaghetti noodles.
title: Super Orange Delight instructions: Mix all ingredients together, but add the Cool Whip last.
title: Dirt Cake instructions: Mix cream cheese, powdered sugar and Cool Whip; set aside. Mix pudding and 4 cups of milk; set aside. Mash cookies up fine. Layer cookies, pudding and cream cheese. Repeat until all is used, leaving enough for top of cake. Plant flowers.
title: Cowboy Beans instructions: Brown meat, onions and green pepper in skillet; pour off fat. Add remaining ingredients. Pour into baking dish. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes, or until mixture is bubbly.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli and rice as directed on box. Combine all ingredients; put in casserole dish. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Soft Pretzels instructions: Put yeast, sugar and warm water together. Dissolve. Mix remaining ingredients and add to yeast mixture. Let rise 15 minutes. Shape into pretzels and dip in soda water. Let rise again. Sprinkle with salt. Bake at 350° for 8 minutes.
title: Banana Pudding instructions: Mix milk, pudding, sour cream and Cool Whip until creamy. In dish, put layer of cookies, then layer of bananas and top with pudding. Layer top of pudding with cookies.
title: Corned Beef Barbecue instructions: Sear together the celery and onions, not too brown. Add the remaining ingredients. Cook to right consistency, slowly. Serve on hamburger buns. Serves 10 to 12.
title: Linda Twelves' Broccoli And Cauliflower Salad instructions: Chop together; cauliflower, broccoli and onions. Mix sugar and vinegar. Mix vegetables with sugar and vinegar sauce mixture. Marinate in refrigerator overnight. Before serving add mayonnaise and bacon. Mix.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: Combine cranberries, water and sugar. Cook until cranberries pop and continue to cook 5 minutes. Pour over gelatin; let cool. Then add celery, apples, nuts and salt. Chill until set.
title: Sausage Balls instructions: Mix together and roll into teaspoon size balls. Bake on cookie sheet for 10 to 15 minutes at 350°. Makes 50 to 60 balls.
title: Dad'S Birthday Cake instructions: Cream shortening or oleo and sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks, one at a time. Beat thoroughly. Add dry ingredients alternately with milk and vanilla to creamed mixture, beating until smooth. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Bake in moderate oven (350°) for 25 minutes in a 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan or two 9-inch round layer pans.
title: Deviled Eggs instructions: Halve hard-cooked eggs lengthwise; remove yolks and mash with a fork. Stir in mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard and the salt. Stuff egg whites with yolk mixture. Garnish with paprika. Makes 12 servings.
title: *Chicken Pie instructions: Put first 5 ingredients in casserole; mix well. Combine flour and margarine and add milk. Spread over pie. Bake in 375° preheated oven for 45 minutes.
title: Cherry Jello Salad instructions: Mix Jell-O and water. Immediately stir in can of cherry pie filling; set until solid.
title: Quick Corn Mazatlan instructions: Drain corn reserving 2 tablespoons liquid. Combine reserved liquid and cream cheese in saucepan. Heat and blend until smooth. Stir in remaining ingredients.
title: Snicker Salad instructions: Mix together. Right before serving, fold in 3 chopped bananas.
title: Spinach Pie instructions: Cook frozen spinach and drain well. Combine eggs, milk, Feta cheese, Ricotta, salt and pepper. Heat oven to 375°. Combine together in pie crust. Add Mozzarella cheese to top. Cook for 35 minutes.
title: Parsley Soup(Serves 6)   instructions: Cut heavy stems from the parsley and wash well. Let soak awhile to clean. Mince parsley fine and save sprigs for garnish.
title: Mom'S Best Potato Salad instructions: Mix ingredients with wire whisk and add to potato mixture. Mix well. Refrigerate until cooled.
title: German Chocolate Upside-Down Cake instructions: Grease a 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan. Sprinkle coconut in first, then the nuts. Mix cake according to package and gently pour over nuts. Mix together margarine, cream cheese and powdered sugar. Pour over cake batter. Bake in 350° oven for 40 minutes.
title: Spinach Salad instructions: Place spinach in large salad bowl; set aside. Cook bacon in saucepan until crisp. Add onion and mushrooms; saute until tender. Stir in next 5 ingredients. Cook thoroughly until well heated, stirring constantly. Pour hot mixture over spinach and toss lightly. Serve immediately.
title: Cleone'S Slaw Dressing instructions: Place all ingredients in a jar and shake. Refrigerate any that is leftover.
title: Carrot Marmalade instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large saucepan. Cook slowly for 45 minutes or until it jells on spoon. Skim, pour into containers and seal. Makes about 1 quart.
title: Light 'N Tangy Twister instructions: In pitcher, combine the V-8 juice, orange and grapefruit juice and honey. Pour over ice. If desired, garnish with a celery rib.
title: Maple Syrup instructions: Bring to a boil for one minute, longer if desired thicker.
title: Cornstarch Icing instructions: Mix water and cornstarch together and cook until thick; set aside to cool. Cream butter, sugar and vanilla together; add to cooled cornstarch mixture. Beat with electric mixer until it looks like whipped cream. This will frost a 2 layer (9-inch) cake.
title: Oatmeal Raisin Cookies instructions: Mix flour with baking soda. Combine butter, sugars and pudding mix in a large mixer bowl. Beat until smooth and creamy. Beat in eggs. Gradually add flour mixture, then stir in oats and raisins. (Batter will be stiff.) Drop by rounded measuring teaspoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets, about 2-inches apart. Bake at 375° for 10 to 12 minutes. Makes about 5 dozen.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Makes 2 (9 x 5-inch) loaves. Mix all dry ingredients except sugar together in a bowl. In a separate bowl, cream sugar and oil. Add beaten eggs, pumpkin and water. Combine all ingredients together; pour mixture into loaf pans. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Fudge Frosting instructions: Cook together until it boils hard. Remove from heat. Add:
title: Microwave Peanut Brittle instructions: Put sugar, corn syrup, 1/2 cup water, salt and peanuts in a 2-quart saucepan or casserole. Cook on High (maximum power) for 5 minutes; stir. Cook on High (maximum power) for 13 to 15 minutes or until the syrup separates and threads. This is the hard crack stage or 300° on a candy thermometer. Check temperature with thermometer several times during the last few minutes. Don't leave thermometer in oven while cooking.
title: Recipe For A Happy Day instructions: Blend together with prayer and Bible study. Keep cool. Serve generously. Serves everyone.
title: Favorite Doughnuts instructions: Mix all ingredients. Chill for 2 hours. Roll out and cut doughnuts. Fry in hot oil.
title: Diane'S Mexican Chicken instructions: Mix chopped chicken and all of ingredients, except Doritos. Heat. Also, add 1/2 can of chicken broth or milk. Crush Doritos and pour 1/2 of bag in bottom of long casserole dish. Pour heated mixture over chips. Top with remaining chips and brown a little in the oven. Good served with salad and Ranch Style beans.
title: California Butter Balls instructions: Mix butter, sugar and flour together. Add nuts and vanilla. Mix well. Roll into small balls. Bake in slow oven at 300° for 30 to 40 minutes. As soon as they come out of the oven, roll in powdered sugar. This forms a sort of icing.
title: Pumpkin Muffins instructions: Let raisins and water stand for 5 minutes. Mix together other ingredients, then add raisins. Fill muffin pans 3/4 of the way full. Bake at 400° for 25 minutes. Makes 12 to 16 muffins.
title: Sweet Potato Pudding instructions: Mix all ingredients in a blender and bake in buttered casserole at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Deer Sausage instructions: Grind all ingredients together, two, maybe three times. Mix well. Put in covered container in refrigerator for about three days so flavors can blend. Divide into 10 (1-pound) packages and freeze. Yields 10 pounds.
title: Sloppy Joes instructions: Saute celery and onion in frying pan until they are soft. Add meat and brown thoroughly (drain off fat).
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: In saucepan, stir together sugar, cornstarch, flour and salt. Gradually add milk. Cook; stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat; cook and stir 2 minutes longer. Remove from heat. Stir about 1 cup of mixture into egg yolks. Return all to saucepan. Return to heat. Bring to a gentle boil, stirring constantly. Cook and stir 2 minutes more. Remove from heat; stir in peanut butter until smooth. Pour into pastry shell; cool. Cover and refrigerate. Garnish with whipped cream or topping.
title: Chocolate Log instructions: Mix cake mix as directed on box. Spray cookie sheet with Pam and put a piece of waxed paper on cookie sheet and spray with Pam. Pour a thin layer of cake mix on cookie sheet and bake at 350° for 10 to 20 minutes. Take out of oven and sprinkle with confectioners sugar and roll up in dish cloth to make a log. Put in refrigerator to cool. Mix confectioners sugar, cream cheese, flavoring and food coloring in a bowl. Take log out of refrigerator, unroll, put filling in log and roll back up. Cover with foil and put back in refrigerator. Makes 3 logs.
title: Crabmeat Cakes instructions: Mix ingredients well. Make 8 individual patties and roll in cracker meal. Fry in deep fat until golden brown.
title: Congealed Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water; cool. Blend milk, cream cheese and mayonnaise until smooth. Fold in pineapple. Pour into pan or mold. Refrigerate until firm.
title: Dieters Fish instructions: Place fish in pan. Surround with vegetables. Pat fish with butter. Sprinkle on garlic salt, soy sauce, tarragon, bread crumbs and grated cheese. Seal whole dish with foil. Bake 30 minutes at 450°.
title: Sesame Pork Tenderloin instructions: Combine soy sauce, garlic and ginger in shallow pan. Add the pork and let it marinate, covered, for 1 hour, turning several times. Drain and pat dry. Spread honey on one plate and sesame seed on another. Roll pork first in honey, then sesame seed until completely coated. Roast in roasting pan for 20 minutes or until no longer pink at the thickest part. Slice thinly on the diagonal. Serves 3 to 4.
title: Mixed Vegetable Casserole instructions: Combine vegetables, soup, 1/2 cup cheese, sour cream and 1/2 can onions. Pour in a 1 1/2-quart casserole dish. Cover and bake in a 350° preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove from oven. Add rest of cheese and onion. Return to oven and cook uncovered for 5 to 10 minutes or until vegetables are cooked.
title: Fruit Cake Cookies instructions: Mix all ingredients and chill 3 to 4 hours or overnight. Drop about 1 teaspoon of mixture on lightly greased cookie sheet about 2-inches apart. Bake at 350° for about 8 minutes. Let cook about 5 minutes before removing from cookie sheet. Yields 3 to 4 dozen.
title: Green Bean And Corn Salad(Makes 8 Servings)   instructions: Mix all ingredients together and serve.
title: Old Fashioned Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Place cooked macaroni, cheese, salt and pepper in alternate layers in buttered oblong baking dish (or 9x13) ending with layers of cheese on top. Pour milk over all. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake 35 to 40 min, or until golden brown on top. Serve hot from baking dish, garnished if desired with parsley sprigs, pimento strips or pepper rings. 6 to 8 servings.
title: Corn Casserole instructions: Mix & cook at 350 degrees for 45 - 60 minutes.
title: Mississippi Mud Pie instructions: Mix and spread on cream cheese layer.
title: Potato Pork Chop Casserole instructions: Brown pork chops in oil. Sprinkle with Lawry's salt and set aside. Parboil potatoes; peel and slice into large, shallow baking dish, sprayed with Pam. Finely chop green pepper and onion. Mix onion, green pepper, mushroom soup, Cheddar cheese soup, milk and Lawry's salt and pepper. Pour over potatoes in dish. Place pork chops on top of potato mixture. Sprinkle bread crumbs over top. Bake at 350° until done, about 35 to 45 minutes.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Bake at 350° for 45 minutes or until done.
title: Chicken Dressing instructions: Mix corn bread, buns, celery, onion, salt and pepper with broth (mixture will be real soupy). Let stand overnight in refrigerator. Remove from refrigerator and add eggs and butter. Bake at 325° until brown (not covered).
title: Tribby'S Cookies instructions: Bake at 375° until golden brown. When cookies are cold, spread with filling.
title: Broccoli-Peanut Salad instructions: In a bowl, thin mayonnaise with Italian dressing. Add remaining ingredients except peanuts. Toss to coat with dressing. Add salt and pepper as needed. Sprinkle peanuts over top just before serving.
title: Butter Rolls instructions: Separate buns and place in oblong baking dish with brown side up. Melt butter and pour over buns. Beat eggs, sugar, milk and vanilla together and pour over buns. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Cabbage Casserole instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients together in a nonstick pan and brown. Combine soup, water and Worcestershire sauce. In a 9 x 12-inch loaf pan, place cut cabbage pieces. Cover with turkey mixture. Sprinkle rice over mixture and add the tomato soup mixture. Cover with foil and bake at 350° for approximately 1 hour.
title: Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream shortening and extract together. Add sugar and eggs one at a time, beating thoroughly after each addition. Add alternately dry ingredients and milk. Drop by teaspoon onto a greased cookie sheet. Flatten top with back of spoon and sprinkle with a mixture of cinnamon and sugar. Bake at 375° for 10 minutes. For variety you may add chocolate, peanut butter or butterscotch chips.
title: Pineapple Cheese Casserole instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine 1 can of drained pineapple, 1 can of pineapple with juice, and cheese in a bowl.	Mix well. Mix flour and sugar and add to pineapple cheese mixture. Pour into 2 quart casserole. Sprinkle with cracker crumbs and drizzle with margarine.	Bake for 30 minutes or until brown on top.
title: Baked Chicken Salad instructions: Line a buttered 9 x 13-inch pan with bread. Top with chicken, mushrooms and water chestnuts. Dot with mayonnaise; top with cheese slices. Combine eggs, milk and salt; pour over all. Mix soups and spoon over. Cover with foil; refrigerate overnight. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours. Uncover; top with 1 cup bread crumbs. Brown 15 minutes longer. Can substitute turkey or ham.
title: Chicken Broccoli And Orzo instructions: Cut chicken into bite-size pieces and saute in 2 tablespoons oil until no longer pink. Add broth, tomatoes and broccoli. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add orzo; reduce heat, cover and simmer 10 to 12 minutes. Add salt, pepper and basil. Stir in. Cover with cheese and continue cooking until melted. Serves 4 to 6 people.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and bananas. Mix with electric mixer. Add flour, milk and soda. Blend. Do not overmix. Fold in nuts. Bake in two greased loaf pans for 45 minutes at 350°.
title: Chocolate Pudding instructions: Mix sugar, flour and cocoa. Beat with egg yolks and milk. Cover over medium heat, stirring until thick. Stir in margarine and 1 tablespoon vanilla. Pour into pie plate or casserole dish. Set aside. Beat egg whites and add sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Pour on top of pudding. Brown at 350°.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Mix all dry ingredients; stir in pumpkin, oil, eggs and nut mixture. Pour in greased and floured loaf pans. Makes 2 loaves. Cook at 350° for 1 hour or until done.
title: Quick And Easy Skillet Dinner instructions: Cook sausage in a 12-inch skillet over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add onion; cook, stirring occasionally, until tender (about 3 minutes). Add rice; mix well. Stir in remaining ingredients except for green pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 minutes until liquid is absorbed. Stir in green pepper; let stand 5 minutes. Serve with additional picante sauce. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Lemon Whippersnaps instructions: Combine cake mix, Cool Whip and egg until thoroughly blended. Sift powdered sugar on waxed paper, then drop mixture by teaspoons into powdered sugar and roll to coat. Bake at 350° for 10 to 15 minutes or until light brown.
title: 24 Hour Salad "Holiday" instructions: Whip the whipped cream; add the cream cheese. Mix pineapple, marshmallows and cherries and add to whipped mixture. Chill 24 hours.
title: Louisiana Chicken instructions: Fry bacon, crumble, add onion and pepper and thyme. Saute until tender. Add other ingredients, simmer 15 - 30 minutes and serve over cooked rice.
title: Little Pizzas instructions: Cook sausages; drain well. Mix all other ingredients together until cheese melts. Put about 1 spoon of mixture on 1 slice of bread. Add 1 teaspoon pizza sauce on top. Sprinkle with Parmesan or Mozzarella cheese. Freeze on cookie sheet. Put in bags to keep frozen until needed. Take out of freezer, put on cookie sheet and heat at 400° for 10 minutes.
title: Turtle Cake instructions: Mix cake according to directions. Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. Bake one half of cake mixture in 350° oven for 15 minutes. In sauce pan (over low heat) melt caramels with butter and milk. Remove cake from oven and pour sauce mixture over half baked cake. Top with chocolate chips and pecans. Pour second layer of cake batter over top and return to oven. Bake 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Angel Pie instructions: Mix Eagle Brand and lemon juice first. Add pineapple, pecans and Cool Whip. Mix all together. Pour into graham cracker crust and chill.
title: Lemon Cake instructions: Melt margarine, pecans and coconut. Put in bottom of greased and floured Bundt pan. Put next 7 ingredients in large bowl. Beat 2 minutes on medium speed. Spoon batter into pan. Bake in 350° preheated oven for 45 to 50 minutes.
title: Cheesy Chicken instructions: Arrange chicken in baking dish. Place a slice of cheese on each piece of chicken. Cover with soup and pour melted margarine over all. Top with stuffing mix. Bake, uncovered, at 250° for 2 hours. Serves 6.
title: Mexican Dip instructions: Spread refried beans in bottom of 9 x 9-inch pan. Mash up avocados; adding lemon juice, garlic salt, salsa and Miracle Whip. Spread that mixture on top of refried beans. Next, layer of sour cream. Over sour cream, pour all the salsa. On top of salsa put chopped green onions, chopped tomato and chopped black olives. Chill in refrigerator. Serve with chips. Do not make ahead of time.
title: Candy Strawberries instructions: Combine gelatin, pecans and coconut. Stir in milk and vanilla; mix well.	Chill one hour.
title: Sue Grizzard'S Orange Cake instructions: Mix together all ingredients and bake at 350° for approximately 40 minutes.
title: Brownies instructions: Melt chocolate and margarine over hot water and blend. Gradually add sugar, then eggs and beat well. Add flour gradually, mixing just until it disappears. Add nuts and vanilla. Pour into two 8 x 8 x 2-inch pans which have been greased and paper lined. Cook 25 to 30 minutes at 350°. Cut each pan into 16 squares. Let stand 5 minutes before tuning out to cool. Makes 32 servings.
title: Chicken Marbella instructions: Mix above ingredients in bowl. Place 6 to 8 (depending upon size) boneless, skinless chicken breast halves in single layer in baking pan. Pour marinade over chicken. (Optional: Sprinkle 1 cup light brown sugar over chicken and then pour 1 cup white cooking wine over top.) Bake 40 to 50 minutes or until chicken is done in 350° oven.
title: Mayonnaise Chocolate Cake instructions: Mix flour, soda, sugar, baking powder and cocoa in bowl. Stir thoroughly, then add water, mayonnaise and vanilla. Stir enough to mix. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes in two 9-inch layer pans or 1 hour in tube pan. Pans should be greased and floured. Cool cake.
title: Cranbrosia instructions: Combine cranberries and sugar; mix well to dissolve sugar. Drain and reserve liquid from oranges and pineapple. Add fruit and coconut to cranberries. Sprinkle gelatin over 3/4 cup combined juices to soften. Heat over medium temperature to dissolve gelatin. Add to fruit. Fold in sour cream. Whip the cream and fold into fruit mixture. Place in 2-quart mold. Chill overnight.
title: Banana Fizz Favorite instructions: Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Combine cold water and ice cubes to make 1 1/4 cups; add to gelatin, stirring until slightly thickened. Remove unmelted ice.
title: Watergate Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Put in a 9 x 13-inch cake pan; bake at 350° for 40 minutes.
title: Tomato Dip instructions: Mix and serve with chips.
title: Apple Cinnamon Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. In a large bowl, combine flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and salt. In another bowl, beat egg with milk, then stir in apple and melted butter. Add all at once to flour mixture and stir until just moistened. Spoon batter into a greased muffin tin(s), filling each cup about 2/3 full.
title: Chocolate Chip Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Pour oil into large baking pan. Tilt pan to cover with oil. Place remaining ingredients in pan; stir with fork until well blended and scrape sides of pan. Spread batter evenly and bake for 35 to 45 minutes. Top with powdered sugar or favorite icing.
title: Chicken Santa Maria instructions: Cook rotini pasta according to directions on package. In olive oil, brown chicken with the onions and garlic until tender. Add artichoke hearts, peppers and olives until heated. Drain pasta; toss with Parmesan cheese and combine with chicken mixture. Serve with green salad and crusty (or garlic) bread.
title: Easy Cookies instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and mix. Drop by teaspoonful. Bake at 325° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Pumpkin Praline Chiffon Pie instructions: Bake pie shell at 450° for 15 minutes. While shell bakes, cream butter and brown sugar; stir in pecans. Spread in bottom of partly baked pie shell. Bake 5 minutes longer until shell is golden and nut mixture is bubbly. Cool on wire rack. Combine 1/2 cup sugar, gelatin, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg in a medium size saucepan; beat in egg yolks and eggnog. Heat slowly, stirring constantly, just until gelatin is completely dissolved. Stir in pumpkin; pour into a large bowl. Chill, stirring often, just until mixture mounds when spooned. Beat egg whites with cream of tartar until foamy white in a medium-size bowl. Beat in remaining 1/4 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, until meringue stands in firm peaks. Fold meringue and 1 cup of whipped cream into mixture. Blend in bourbon. Spoon into crust. Chill several hours until firm. Just before serving, garnish with remaining cream and extra pecans.
title: Reese Cup Cake instructions: In a saucepan on medium heat, combine and bring to a boil, first 5 ingredients. In a bowl, combine next 3 ingredients; add to the other ingredients. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Let cool. Prepare peanut butter and oil. Mix together and spread over cooled cake.
title: Mexican Rice instructions: About 40 minutes before serving, measure the oil into a 1 1/2 to 2-quart saucepan set over medium heat. Add the rice and onion and cook, stirring regularly, until both are lightly browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Mix in the garlic and cook a minute longer.
title: Icebox Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in luke-warm water. Mix salt, sugar, shortening and boiling water. Add cold water, eggs and yeast. Stir in flour. Mix until all flour disappears. Do not knead. Grease top and cover tightly. Put in refrigerator. When wanted, make into rolls and let rise in warm place about 2 hours. Bake at 400° or 425° about 15 minutes, depending on oven.
title: Mushroom Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. If a round baking stone or pizza pan (greased) is used, separate into triangles and pinch seams together. If a rectangular baking stone or cookie sheet (greased) is used, roll out dough and press seams together. Toss mushrooms in melted butter to coat. Arrange mushrooms on top of dough. Sprinkle with cheese and seasoning. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Cut into wedges or squares and serve warm.
title: Hawaiian Baked Beans And Franks instructions: Drain pineapple well and combine with remaining ingredients in a 2-quart casserole. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Swiss Steak instructions: Cut round steak into serving pieces. Season with salt and pepper, then flour meat. Slice onion in bottom of crock-pot. Lay meat on top of onions. Pour in tomatoes. Slice carrots and celery over top of tomatoes. Add Worcestershire sauce and sugar. Cook on low until done, about 8 hours. Sprinkle cheese on top and melt before serving.
title: Coke Salad instructions: Cream the Jell-O and cream cheese together. Heat the Cokes to boiling. Pour into the creamed mixture gradually. Grease molds with butter. Put as many chopped nuts into each mold as you wish. Pour the mixture of Jell-O, cheese and Cokes into the molds. Let stand 2 hours. Place in the refrigerator. Serve as other congealed salads.
title: Broccoli Chicken instructions: Cook broccoli until tender and drain. Add a little butter. Put broccoli in a lightly greased casserole dish. Cover with cooked chicken that has been cut into strips. Mix mayonnaise, soup, curry powder and lemon juice. Spread over chicken. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 1/2 an hour.
title: Chicken And Dressing Casserole(Weight Watchers)   instructions: Mix corn meal in cold water. Bring to boil over medium heat. Cook until consistency of mush. Add other ingredients. Bake in casserole dish at 400° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Creamed Peas And Potatoes instructions: Place potatoes in a saucepan; cover with water and cook until tender. Cook peas according to directions.
title: Lemon Chicken instructions: Place each chicken breast between two sheets of plastic wrap and pound flat with a mallet. Put flour into a plastic bag and drop chicken in to coat. Melt butter and oil together in a large skillet. Cook each chicken piece 3 to 5 minutes per side until cooked through. Set aside.
title: Banana-Nut Cake instructions: Beat bananas; cream with sugar and shortening. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each. Add dry ingredients, alternately with sour cream. Add nuts and beat. Pour into greased and floured 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes.
title: Carrot Casserole instructions: In a large skillet, saute onions in melted butter until tender; do not brown. Stir in flour, salt and pepper. Gradually add milk and stir constantly until thickened. Layer carrots and then cheese in 2-quart casserole. Pour sauce over all and top with bread crumbs. Bake uncovered at 350° for 25 minutes.
title: Easy Pot Roast instructions: Put meat in heavy-duty aluminum foil in roasting pan; pour celery soup over meat (undiluted). Add onion soup mix. Close foil so steam doesn't get out. Roast at 350° for 3 hours. Makes delicious gravy.
title: Barbara'S Sugarless Apple Pie instructions: Combine lemon juice, apple juice, flour and cinnamon in a bowl. Mix with apples and raisins in a large bowl. Line 10-inch pie plate with half the pastry. Fill with apple mixture; dot with butter. Cover with top crust; cut vents. Bake at 425° for 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Vegetable Beef Soup instructions: Cook meat and onion in large pot with 10 cups of water until meat is tender. Add remaining ingredients and cook for 20 minutes more. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Millet Cheese instructions: Blend millet, cashews and half of water until smooth. Gradually add remaining water and other ingredients while blending. May add extra water for thinner consistency. Makes 2 to 2 1/2 cups.
title: Crab Dip instructions: Stir and blend the cream cheese and Worcestershire Sauce. Fold in crab meat. Allow to set for an hour before serving. Serve with crackers.
title: Aunt Gen'S Slush instructions: Mix and freeze overnight. Scoop out into glass. Pour Squirt or 7-Up over. Enjoy!
title: Marie'S Walnut Cookies instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add nuts, eggs and vanilla. Use a separate bowl; sift flour, soda and salt. Mix contents of two bowls together (mixture may stick to hands). Sprinkle lightly with flour until stops sticking. Make 4 or 5 logs. Wrap in wax paper. Put in freezer overnight. Slice cookies very thin. Place on a cookie sheet. Bake 6 minutes at 350°. Yield: 6 to 7 dozen cookies.
title: Soapy Finger Paint instructions: Whip soap flakes with water. Tint with food coloring or dry tempera. Paint on white shelf paper or waxed paper.
title: French Market Soup instructions: After soaking beans, add water and cook beans according to package directions for about 1 hour. Add rest of ingredients and bring to a boil. Cover and simmer for another 2 to 3 hours (or until beans are tender), stirring occasionally. Great alone or can serve over rice. Freezes well.
title: Easy Blueberry Cobbler instructions: Place fruit in a 10 x 6 x 2-inch baking dish. Sprinkle with lemon juice. Combine flour, sugar and egg. Stir until mixture resembles coarse meal. Spread over fruit. Drizzle butter over topping. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Serve warm.
title: Stephanie'S Sticky Bites instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Mix honey and peanut butter and spoon the mixture over the oatmeal mixture. Mix together well. Shape into 1-inch balls and roll in confectioners sugar, if desired.
title: Pink And Gold Salad instructions: Mix well and chill. This makes a lot.
title: French Toast Pockets instructions: Combine cream cheese, vanilla, pecans and 2 tablespoons sugar. Set aside. Blend eggs, milk, nutmeg and 4 tablespoons sugar. Set aside. Combine cornflakes with coconut and set aside. Cut through the top and along one side of each bread slice. Spread a rounded tablespoon of cream cheese filling inside each pocket.
title: Deer Jerky instructions: This recipe is for 11 pounds of deer meat. Mix ingredients and soak strips of meat for 8 hours. Dry to your taste.
title: Marinated London Broil Or Flank Steak instructions: Prick meat with fork and marinate in Italian dressing overnight or 5 to 6 hours. Charbroil steak on grill. Slice very thin on bias.
title: Biscuit Topped Italian Casserole instructions: Brown meat and onion in large skillet; drain. Stir in water, pepper, tomato sauce and paste. Simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat; stir in vegetables and 1 1/2 cups cheese. Spoon mixture into greased 12 x 8 (2-quart) baking dish. Separate refrigerated biscuits into 10 biscuits. Separate each biscuit into 2 layers. Place biscuits near outer edge of hot meat mixture, overlapping each other slightly. Gently brush biscuits with butter. Sprinkle with oregano. Scatter remaining cheese all over meat mixture. Bake at 375° for 22 to 27 minutes or until biscuits are browned.
title: Lashlee'S Chili instructions: Let meat, hot water and fat cook until meat is tender. Add garlic, chili powder, carman seed and cracker crumbs and oats. Cook on low for an hour. Add tomato sauce or paste. If desired, kidney beans can be added.
title: 7-Up Cake Layers instructions: Mix all ingredients; beat well. Divide into 3 layer pans. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Use any desired frosting on these layers.
title: Zucchini Casserole instructions: Cook zucchini in salted water until tender; drain well. Cook onion and	carrots in melted oleo. Mix all ingredients together. Add zucchini last. Bake in casserole dish for 45 minutes in a 350° oven or microwave for about 20 minutes on high setting.
title: Cheese Bread(Loaf)   instructions: Mix all together. Pour into greased loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. When you take out of the oven, butter the top.
title: Buttermilk Biscuits instructions: Preheat oven to 450°. Mix together flour, salt, baking powder, sugar and soda. Cut in shortening. Add buttermilk. Mix, pat and cut. Yields 12 biscuits.
title: Hot Beef Dip instructions: Combine all ingredients. Put in pan. Bake at 250° for about one hour.
title: Creamy Avocado Dip instructions: Mash avocado in bowl. Add yogurt, onion, salt and white pepper. Stir until blended. Serve with carrot sticks.
title: Mom'S Apple Pie instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Melt butter in a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish or sheet cake pan. Heat sugar and water until sugar melts; set aside. Cut shortening into flour until particles are like fine crumbs. Add milk and stir with a fork only until dough leaves the side of the bowl. Turn out onto lightly floured board or pastry cloth; knead just until smooth. Roll dough out into a large rectangle about 1/2-inch thick. Sprinkle cinnamon over apples. Then place apples evenly over the dough. Roll up dough like a jelly roll. Dampen the edge of the dough with a little water and seal. Slice dough into about 16 slices, 1/2-inch thick. Place in pan with melted butter. Pour sugar syrup carefully around rolls. (This looks like too much liquid, but the crust will absorb it.) Bake at 350° for 55 to 60 minutes. Makes 8 servings.
title: Barbecue Limas instructions: Brown bacon and keep grease. Saute onions and celery in bacon grease. Put all together and bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Chicken Schnitzel instructions: Skin chicken and split into halves; remove fat. Using a wooden mallet, flatten breasts (breasts should be 1/4 inch thick).
title: Pork Chops Supreme instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Place 4 to 6 chops in bottom of 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Season with salt and pepper. Top each chop with an onion slice. Then cover each with 1 tablespoon brown sugar and 1 tablespoon catsup. Cover and bake 1 hour. Uncover and bake an additional 30 minutes.
title: Sugar-Free Lemon Pie instructions: Mix sugar-free pudding in milk. Mix well; use mixer. Add lemonade mix; mix well. Add Cool Whip; mix well. Put into crusts and chill.
title: Hot Rolls instructions: Soften yeast in water. Add sugar and beaten eggs. Stir dry milk into 3 cups of flour. Add flour mixture to first mixture and beat until smooth. Add salt and soft shortening. Add remaining flour until soft dough is formed. Turn dough onto floured surface; cover with greased bowl and let rest 10 minutes. Knead dough until smooth. Cover and let rise until double in bulk. Punch down and shape into rolls. Grease tops with oleo and let rise one-half hour. Bake rolls at 375° for 18 to 20 minutes.
title: Alabama Chocolate-Pecan Jumbo Christmas Fudge Pie instructions: Combine chocolate crumbs and 1/3 cup melted butter. Firmly press mixture on bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake at 350° for 6 to 8 minutes.
title: Seafood Coquilles instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Mix all ingredients, except cheese. Place about 1 cup mixture in each of 5 or 6 baking shells. Place on baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes. Remove from oven and top shells with cheese. Bake 2 to 3 minutes longer.
title: Irish Soda Bread instructions: Grind the oatmeal in a food processor or blender until it is as fine as cornmeal. Sift with the rye, wheat, soda and salt into a large bowl. Stir in 1 1/2 cups buttermilk, mix quickly. Shape the dough into 2 rounds. Place into two 8-inch greased cake pans. Slash deep X across the tops, pour 1 tablespoon buttermilk into center of each cake. Bake 5 minutes in preheated 450° oven. Reduce heat to 375°, continue baking for 30 minutes or until tops are lightly browned and bottoms are well browned. Cool on rack.
title: Nut Bread instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake 1 hour in oven at 350°. Makes 1 loaf.
title: Healthy Muffins instructions: Mix cereal, sugar, flour, soda and salt. Add eggs or Egg Beater equivalent, buttermilk and oil. Mix in large bowl. Batter lasts 6 weeks or so in refrigerator. Use whatever amount you need to make muffins for any specific time. Bake at 400° for 15 minutes.
title: Sugar Cookies instructions: Sift all dry ingredients together. Cut in shortening. Beat eggs with sugar and vanilla and add to flour mixture; mix well. Shape into small balls. Place on cookie sheet 2 inches apart. Flatten each with bottom of glass.	Bake at 375° for 8 or 10 minutes.
title: Mini Reubens instructions: Arrange corned beef on cocktail rye bread. Cover lightly with sauerkraut. Top with sliced Swiss cheese. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes or until cheese melts. Serve hot. Makes 20 appetizers.
title: Smothered Cabbage instructions: Soak cabbage in water. Shake off excess water and place in pot with heated bacon drippings or oil. Add other ingredients and simmer for 45 minutes. Stir occasionally. Serves 4.
title: Christina'S Mexican Dip instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes. Serve with tortilla chips.
title: Crisp Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Cream the shortening and sugars. Add eggs, oatmeal and vanilla. Sift dry ingredients and add to creamed mixture. Add nuts. Mix thoroughly. Drop by teaspoon on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 minutes. Makes approximately 120 cookies.
title: Fried Okra instructions: Put grease in iron skillet; let it heat. Roll okra in meal with salt added. Shake off excess meal. Put battered okra into grease. Fry until brown. Turn off heat. Place skillet with okra in oven. Cook at 350° for 10 minutes.
title: Angel Salad instructions: Dump all this together. Mix well. Refrigerate overnight. Makes large amount.
title: Spicy Glazed Pecans instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Butter heavy large baking sheet. Combine first 4 ingredients in heavy small saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Boil 2 minutes. Add pecans and stir until pecans are coated with mixture (about 1 minute). Transfer pecans to prepared sheet, spreading evenly. Bake until light brown (13 minutes). Transfer to cookie sheet (lined with wax paper) and separate pecans with fork. Cool completely. Great added to salad with romaine, Blue chunks and vinaigrette dressing.
title: Disappearing Marshmallow Brownies instructions: Melt first 2 ingredients in a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and cool to lukewarm. Then add flour, brown sugar, baking powder, salt, vanilla and egg. Mix well. Add marshmallows, chocolate bits and nuts. Fold into batter until just combined, about 5 strokes. Spread in a greased 9-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes. Do not overbake. Center will be jiggly when done but will be all right when cool.
title: Tomato French Dressing instructions: Mix all together and put in glass jar. Shake and mix occasionally. Keep refrigerated.
title: Carl'S Chicken Delights instructions: Add margarine or butter to heated large skillet. Then add chicken, green and red peppers, onion, salt and pepper. Cover and let simmer for about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain most of the juices; leave a small portion of the juice in the pan, then add the barbecue sauce. Serve over pasta or rice.
title: Banana Nut Bread instructions: Cream shortening and sugar; add eggs and beat well. Add dry ingredients alternately with banana, blending well after each addition. Stir in nuts. Pour into well greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes until done. Remove from pan; cool on rack. Wrap and store overnight.
title: Chocolate Oatmeal Cake instructions: Bake cake according to directions on back of box. When pulled out of oven, poke holes all over cake with knife. Immediately pour milk over cake, followed by caramel syrup. Sprinkle heath bar over caramel layer. Let cool. Spread 1 layer of cool whip on top. Drizzle chocolate syrup on top. Place in refrigerator to let cool whip set.
title: Kentucky Chocolate Chip Pie instructions: Beat eggs in a small bowl. Gradually add sugar; mix well. Add melted margarine and bourbon. Blend in cornstarch. Stir in pecans and chocolate chips. Pour into unbaked pie crust. Bake in a 350° oven for 45 to 50 minutes. Cool 1 hour. Serve warm with Bourbon Flavored Topping.
title: Fruit Punch Bars instructions: Grease or Pam a 15 x 10 x 1-inch jelly roll pan. Beat all ingredients, except coconut and nuts, until well blended. Spread in pan and sprinkle with coconut and nuts. Bake until golden brown at 350° for 25 minutes. While hot drizzle with glaze.
title: Glorified Pork Chops instructions: In skillet over heat, in hot oil, cook pork chops 1/2 at a time with onion, for 10 minutes or until browned on both sides. Stir in soup and water. Reduce heat to low. Cover; simmer for 10 minutes, or until pork chops are fork-tender.
title: 2 Minute Fudge instructions: Mix together the sugar, cocoa and salt in a 2-quart casserole. Make a well in center. Add butter. Pour in milk. Do not stir! Microwave on High for 2 minutes. Remove from microwave. Add vanilla and stir. Add chopped nuts. Pour into greased 8 x 8-inch dish and refrigerate. Cut into squares. Can be frozen. Fudge ready in 15 to 30 minutes.
title: Sherbet Punch instructions: Mix Kool-Aid, sugar and pineapple juice. Add enough water to make 1 gallon of punch. Pour over sherbet (pineapple or orange sherbet). Add Sprite or 7-Up to punch.
title: 4-Layer Delight instructions: Mix flour and pecans; melt margarine and pour into flour mix. Stir until well mixed. Press in bottom of large Pyrex baking dish. Bake at 350° until brown. Cool. Blend cream cheese, confectioners sugar and 1 cup Cool Whip. Spread on crust. Mix pudding mix and 3 cups milk for next layer. Spread Cool Whip over this and sprinkle with nuts. Refrigerate until served.
title: Poppy Seed Cookies instructions: Cream together butter, sugar and salt. Add next 4 ingredients. Shape into small balls. Press center with thumb. Bake at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven and press chocolate star or Kiss into thumb indentation. Let cool.
title: Buckeyes instructions: Mix gently together cereal and powdered sugar. Add butter; mix and add peanut butter. Mix. Mold 1 heaping teaspoonful in ball and place on wax paper. Refrigerate several hours. Melt chocolate (double boiler) and dip balls into chocolate and place on wax paper and refrigerate.
title: Hershey Bar Pie instructions: Place milk, candy bars and marshmallows in top of double boiler and melt. When melted, set out of water and cool completely. Fold Cool Whip into chocolate. Pour into pie crust and chill in refrigerator for at least 3 hours or until ready to serve.
title: Spaghetti With Red Clam Sauce instructions: Saute garlic in olive oil over low heat (do not burn garlic; if you do, start again). Add clam juice, tomatoes, tomato sauce, salt, pepper and oregano; stir and cook together for 10 minutes. Add clams and parsley; cook another 10 minutes. Sauce is done!	Serve over spaghetti or linguine. Sprinkle with fresh grated Parmesan cheese. Serve and enjoy.
title: Blueberry Buckle instructions: Put all but blueberries in mixing bowl and beat with electric mixer until a smooth batter. Add and stir in berries. Then measure together 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/2 cup flour and crumble in 1/2 cup soft butter to sprinkle on top. Pour into greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan or three smaller pans. Bake in 375° oven for 45 to 50 minutes.
title: Super Coleslaw instructions: Shred cabbage in bowl. Next layer shredded onion and shredded bell pepper. Sprinkle sugar to cover top. Do not stir! Bring other ingredients to a boil. Pour over cabbage while hot. Refrigerate overnight. Do not stir until ready to serve. Serves 12. Stays fresh and crisp 9 to 10 days.
title: Lukshen Kugel(Noodle Pudding)   instructions: Grease a 9 x 13-inch pan. Preheat oven to 375°. Cook the noodles. While the water is coming to a boil and the noodles are cooking, blend 1 cup cottage cheese, egg yolks, sugar and vanilla. Beat the egg whites until they are stiff, but not too hard (you know, the soft peaks that sort of slump over when they get too high). By now, the noodles are about done.
title: Tomato-Shrimp Aspic instructions: Soften gelatin in 1/2 c. tomato juice. Bring remaining tomato juice to a boil. Stir in softened gelatin. Add lemon juice, spices and sauces. Chill until slightly thickened. Add celery, onion and shrimp. Pour into two 9 X 5 loaf pans. Chill until firm. Cut into cubes and serve on lettuce leaves.
title: Broccoli Coney Island instructions: Cook broccoli in 1 inch salted boiling water until tender; drain and save liquid. Add enough water to make 1/2 cup. Place liquid, broccoli, sour cream and garlic in blender until smooth. Place mixture in saucepan. Add soup and Worcestershire. Heat to boiling. Garnish. Serve with crackers. Makes 2 cups.
title: Soft Rolls instructions: Active yeast (mix with water). Melt margarine. Add all other ingredients together with yeast and margarine in mixing bowl with dough hook attachment. Mix until dough comes off the bowl. Next proof dough until double in size. Punch down; separate into 2 ounce balls. Place on greased cookie sheet and proof for 30 minutes. Bake at 350°. Brush with margarine and serve.
title: Old Fashion Rhubarb Crisp instructions: In a bowl, combine sugar, 1 tablespoon flour and cinnamon. Add rhubarb; toss. Place in a greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. In a bowl, combine brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and remaining flour. Stir in butter. Sprinkle this over rhubarb in baking dish. Bake in 350° oven for 40 minutes or until rhubarb is tender.
title: Pear Cobbler instructions: Mix all ingredients except cornstarch. Heat until pears are tender. Thicken with cornstarch. Pour into casserole type baking dish. Cover with dough.
title: Easy Salmon Cakes instructions: In small mixing bowl, combine chopped red pepper, green onion, mayonnaise, lemon juice, seasoned salt and cayenne pepper. Adjust seasonings to personal preference. Stir in egg, salmon and 4 tablespoons bread crumbs. Form mixture into 6 to 8 balls. Roll salmon balls in remaining bread crumbs; flatten into cakes, about 1/2-inch thick. Fry salmon cakes in melted butter over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Makes 4 servings.
title: Chicken Parmesan instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Wash chickens and pat dry.
title: Chicken And Rice Casserole instructions: Layer rice, chicken, cheese and soup in buttered 2-quart casserole until all have been used. Pour in chicken broth. Sprinkle with bread crumbs. Bake at 350° for about 3 minutes or until cheese is melted and golden brown.
title: Texas Sheet Cake instructions: In saucepan, bring margarine, cocoa and water to a boil. Remove from heat and add remaining ingredients. Mix well and pour into greased pan. Make icing while cake is baking.
title: Company Coming Pie instructions: Beat egg whites until foamy. Add cream of tartar. Beat until stiff. Add sugar. Fold in vanilla, crackers and nuts. Put in buttered pan and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Chicken With Salsa instructions: In large skillet in oil and butter, lightly brown the chicken cutlets on both sides. Pour salsa and wine on top of cutlets; simmer about 15 to 20 minutes until cutlets are thoroughly cooked. While cutlets are cooking, prepare rice and serve cutlets over rice.
title: Corn Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients in small bowl. Refrigerate several hours or overnight. Makes 4 to 5 servings.
title: Delicious Pecan Pie(Very Easy)   instructions: For extra flavor, instead of 1 cup Karo, use 3/4 cup Karo plus 1/4 cup maple syrup.
title: Taco Pie instructions: Prepare dough on cookie sheet. Pinch edges together to form crust. Bake at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes. Brown beef. Drain fat. Add seasoning mix and tomato sauce. Simmer until thick. Spoon over crust. Top with cheese and bake until cheese melts. Add lettuce and tomatoes.
title: Taco Soup instructions: Brown ground beef and drain. Add remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil and simmer 30 minutes. Serve with grated cheese and tortilla chips.
title: Wild Rice Supreme instructions: Combine rice, water and salt in pan with lid. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer for 45 minutes. Drain well. In a skillet, cook sliced mushrooms, chopped onions and celery in butter until tender. Stir together mushroom soup and whipping cream. Stir in vegetables and cooked rice. Bake in 350° oven for 40 minutes.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Sprinkle nuts and coconut in greased 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Mix cake according to package directions. Pour over nuts and coconut. Mix cream cheese, butter and sugar. Spoon on top of batter by heaping tablespoonfuls. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Special Hot Chocolate instructions: Heat milk in heavy saucepan to boiling point (212°). Combine candy, molasses and ginger in container of electric blender; add milk. Blend on high speed until smooth. Serve in mugs; top with whipped cream. Serve immediately. Yield: about 2 1/2 cups.
title: Strawberry Cream Square instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water. Add strawberries. Stir in pineapple with juice and bananas. Pour half into 8 x 8 x 2-inch dish or mold and chill until firm. Spread evenly with sour cream, pour remaining jello on top and chill. Top with sour cream when ready to serve.
title: Cracker Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together and chill in refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving. Good on crackers or corn chips.
title: Chicken Salad instructions: Crush onions with salt; add lemon juice. Dice chicken into desired chunks. Stir lemon-onion mixture over chicken chunks. Add salt and spring onions. Add coconut. Add pepper if desired.
title: Shrimp Wiggle instructions: Cook in a double boiler about 2 or 3 hours, until thick and shrimp fall apart. (This is a double recipe and may be cut in half, if desired.) Good on toast or on saltine crackers. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Tomato Jam instructions: Add sugar to tomatoes and boil for 20 minutes. Stir in jello and mix. Pour into sterilized jars and seal.
title: Layered Nacho Dip instructions: Layer ingredients in the order given. Serve with corn chips or tostados. Yield: 8 cups.
title: Jimmy Dean Breakfast Burrito instructions: Brown sausage and onions in skillet. Drain. Add diced potato and eggs and scramble all together. Place generous amount of cooked mixture in a steamed tortilla. Excellent served with picante sauce.
title: Spicy Shrimp instructions: Saute onion, green onion and pepper in butter. Add soup and 2 cans of water. Add mushrooms, shrimp and seasoning. Cook until shrimp is done. Serve over rice with salad and French bread. (You may add a little cornstarch to make sauce thicker.)
title: Ladyfingers instructions: Cream softened butter and sugar until smooth. Add vanilla, nuts, salt and flour. Roll by hand into small rolls. Place on greased cookie sheet and bake 30 minutes at 325° or until brown. Cool slightly and place in a bag of powdered sugar and shake to coat. Dry on waxed paper. Store in airtight container.
title: Sherbet Treats instructions: Scoop one rounded spoonful of lime or orange sherbet into glass dessert cups. Then one rounded scoop of pineapple sherbet and fill with 7-Up. Serve immediately. Great for parties. Makes 20 cups.
title: Holy Cake instructions: Bake cake. Poke holes in cake and pour condensed milk over cake. Let cake cool. Top with Cool Whip.
title: Raisin Pie(From The Files Of Adness Williams Crutchfield)   instructions: Mix all together except egg whites. Beat egg whites separately. Add last. Pour mixture into uncooked pie crust and bake in a 300° oven until top is brown. The egg whites will make the top crust.
title: Shrimp Dip instructions: Cream together cheese and mayo. Add shrimp and onion, then mix well. Serve with crackers or chips.
title: Chocolate Vimino Squares instructions: Combine in saucepan: butter, sugar, cocoa, vanilla and beaten egg. Boil over low heat a few minutes, until blended. Add remaining ingredients and spread in a 13 x 9-inch pan. (Pack down and cool in refrigerator.)
title: Cocoa Peanut Logs instructions: Melt butter, peanut butter and marshmallows over low heat, stirring constantly until melted. Remove from heat. Add cereal. Stir to coat. Press mixture into greased square cake pan. Chill until firm. Cut into squares.
title: Halibut Fish Sticks instructions: Slice fish into 1/4 to 1/2-inch strips. Roll halibut in oil; shake off remaining oil. Roll fish in cheese. Roll fish in bread crumbs; season to your liking. Place on cooking sheet. Bake in oven at 450° for 10 minutes, or until done.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Cream butter and sugar until light. Stir in syrups. Add beaten eggs, vanilla, and mix well. Add nuts. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake at 325 degrees for one hour.
title: Enchilada Casserole instructions: Brown beef and onion and drain; add soups, milk, sauce and chilies to beef and onion. Bring to a boil; line baking dish (deep one), greased. I use a large baking dish, layer tortillas. Then meat sauce, cheese, repeat another layer. Top with grated cheese. Bake at 350° for about 40 minutes. I spray Pam on foil and cover to keep the cheese from burning. Remove foil the last 15 minutes.
title: Under The Sea Salad instructions: Drain pears, reserving 3/4 cup syrup. Dice pears and set aside. Dissolve gelatin in boiling water and add reserved syrup and lemon juice. Pour 1 1/2 cups into an 8 x 4-inch loaf pan. Chill until set but not firm, about one hour.
title: Cream Cheese Bars instructions: Roll out 1 package of crescent rolls in a lightly greased 9 X 13 baking dish. Pat out rolls into corners if necessary. Mix cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, and vanilla. Spread mixture over crescent rolls. Cover cream cheese mixture with a layer of crescent rolls. Melt 1/4 cup margarine. Add remaining sugar and cinnamon. Spread over top. Bake 350 degrees for 20-25 minutes.
title: Prune Cake instructions: Mix oil, sugar and eggs in bowl. Blend well. Sift dry ingredients. Add to oil mixture with buttermilk. Add vanilla. Fold in nuts and prunes. Bake 50 minutes at 350°.
title: Douglas Chicken instructions: Soak deboned chicken in salt water a few minutes. Grease baking dish. Wrap 1/2 strip bacon around center part of each breast. Place a piece of dried beef in baking dish. Put a piece of chicken breast on beef. Cover with sour cream, mushroom soup and sherry, mixed together. Sprinkle with paprika and pepper. Bake at 325° for 3 hours.
title: A Capella Chicken Enchilada("Right On Key Even Without Accompaniment")   instructions: Brown onion in skillet with butter. Add the soups, broth and chilies. Add the chicken and mix well. In a large baking dish (13 x 9-inch) layer some of the corn tortillas, part of chicken mixture and layer of cheese. Repeat the layers until the dish is filled, ending with cheese. Let the dish stand for several hours before baking. Bake in a 350° oven for 1 hour.
title: Chocolate Trifle instructions: Crumble half the cooled brownies into clear bowl. Spoon half the chilled pudding over the brownies. Let set for 5 minutes. Next spread half the Cool Whip over the pudding. Spread Heath Bar bits evenly over Cool Whip. Repeat.
title: Green Termater Pie instructions: Cover tomatoes and boil quickly. Drain, then add other ingredients. Put in pie plate lined with rich pie crust. Put on top crust and slash to let steam escape. Crimp crust edges. Bake from 35 to 40 minutes in hot oven (375°).
title: Chess Cake instructions: Mix together and press into a 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Venison Spiedies instructions: Mix Good Seasons dressings by package directions; add seasoned salt. Add meat. Marinate for 7 days, stirring daily. Use and or freeze in juice.
title: Microwave Cranberry Orange Relish instructions: Put orange rind and pulp and cranberries through food chopper. Place in bowl and mix in sugar. Let stand for several hours. Refrigerate.
title: Better Than Sex Cake instructions: Mix all together. Pour into Bundt pan. Bake for 55 minutes at 350° in preheated oven.
title: Watergate Salad instructions: Mix dry pudding with pineapple. Add Cool Whip, then marshmallows and nuts. Put in mold and refrigerate.
title: Pistachio Salad instructions: Mix pudding and milk. Add all other ingredients. Refrigerate.
title: Shrimp Scampi instructions: Melt butter in small saucepan. Saute garlic for 2 minutes. Add wine. Add cornstarch to thicken a little. Arrange the shrimp in a large flat pan and pour mixture over the top. Marinate in the refrigerator for about an hour. Broil 3 to 4-inches under broiler for 5 to 6 minutes per side. Serve the shrimp in an attractive serving dish.
title: Mostaccioli Con Formaggio(Baked Macaroni And Cheese)   instructions: Cook mostaccioli according to package directions. Melt butter in a large skillet. Add onion, celery and garlic and cook over medium heat until golden. Add tomato paste, water, seasonings and sugar. Cover and cook about 20 minutes.
title: Shoepeg Corn Casserole instructions: Mix all ingredients and bake at 350° until top is golden brown.
title: Tomato Gravy instructions: Heat bacon drippings in a large skillet. Add flour. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until a very dark roux forms. Add tomatoes and mash with fork until smooth, stirring constantly. Add Worcestershire sauce. Add a bit of V-8 or tomato juice if more liquid is needed. Gravy should be a rich red and slightly thick. Add hot sauce and salt and pepper to taste.
title: Can Opener Stew instructions: Brown ground meat with chopped onion. Add all other ingredients (with liquids). Simmer for 30 minutes. Makes a lot!
title: The Best Chicken instructions: Melt butter in frypan. Cut chicken into pieces. Saute in butter until lightly browned. Add sliced mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste. Add wine. Cover pan and simmer 20 to 30 minutes.
title: Mandarin Orange Cake instructions: Blend well. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes and cool.
title: Chicken Tonga instructions: Place chicken in a shallow pan. Combine all other ingredients and pour over the chicken. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 35 to 45 minutes. Serve with wild rice.
title: Tossed Salad instructions: Combine all ingredients and serve with favorite dressing.
title: Upside-Down Pizza instructions: Brown hamburger with onion and green pepper. Drain. Mix mushrooms and pepperoni with meat mixture. Spread in pan. Pour spaghetti sauce over hamburger mixture. Sprinkle cheese on top. Spread crescent rolls over that. Bake in oven until rolls are done.
title: Linda'S Sweet Potato Pie instructions: Combine dry ingredients; add to mashed sweet potatoes. Mix milk, eggs and add to potatoes. Stir until mixed well, but leave some lumps of potatoes. Pour filling into 2 pie shells; dot with margarine. Bake at 450° for 10 minutes; reduce heat to 350° and bake 35 minutes. Yields two 9-inch pies.
title: Wedding Punch instructions: Combine juice, sherbet and 1/2 ice cream. Beat until smooth. Add 7-Up or ginger ale. Spoon remaining ice cream into punch. Serve immediately. Yields 14 (1/2 cups).
title: Tropic Aroma Cake instructions: Need 3 layer pans (I use foil ones). Mix sugar, shortening and eggs. Add flour, baking powder and spices alternately with milk. Pour 2/3 of the batter into 2 greased layer pans. To remaining mixture, add 1 tablespoon cocoa mixed with boiling water. This will be the middle layer. Pour into third greased pan. Bake at 375° about 20 minutes. Frost with Mocha Icing between layers and on top.
title: Peach Crisp instructions: Combine flour, sugar, salt and cinnamon. Cut butter in until mixture is crumbly. Put peaches in shallow baking dish and sprinkle mixture over them. Bake for 40 minutes at 350°. Best when served warm with cream poured over the top.
title: M.K.C.'S Potato Salad instructions: Chop celery and purple onion fine. Cook bacon and chop up bite size. Mix first 11 ingredients in large mixing bowl; let set, covered, as you cook the other ingredients. Boil medium size red potatoes with skin on until done, then slice into 4 to 6 pieces. Then fold both mixtures together; mix well. Put in serving dish. Top with shredded Cheddar Swiss cheese; cover. Put in refrigerator for 6 to 8 hours, then serve.
title: Hummingbird Cake instructions: Combine first 5 dry ingredients in large bowl. Mix eggs and oil together and stir into dry ingredients; do not beat. Stir in remaining ingredients until well-mixed.
title: Molasses Bars instructions: Cream shortening and sugar; add beaten eggs, milk and molasses. Add flour and other ingredients. Divide chilled dough into 8 parts.
title: Special Occasion Casserole instructions: Mix rice, onion mix, cream of chicken soup and 2 1/2 cups water; mix well. In 9 x 13-inch baking dish place chicken, skin side up, on top of rice mixture. Drizzle with melted butter. Bake at 350° for 1 1/2 hours or until tender.
title: Italian Potato Salad instructions: Dice potatoes, add rest of ingredients. Toss lightly.
title: Minnesota Dessert instructions: Make cake according to instructions on box in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Cool. Mix softened cream cheese and pudding. Add milk gradually and mix until thick. Pour pudding mixture on top of cake. Drain pineapple well and put fruit on top of pudding.
title: Hot Rolls instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water. Mix the other ingredients and add the yeast. Let rise until double in size and make out what rolls you want. Put the rest in the refrigerator. Use as needed. Cook at 425° until golden brown.
title: Grilled Clams Casino instructions: Two hours ahead, mix butter with scallions, herbs, lemon juice, Tabasco, Worcestershire and pepper. Refrigerate.
title: Drop Cookies instructions: Cream together shortening and sugar; add beaten eggs and blend thoroughly. Add baking powder and salt to flour and sift. Add alternately with milk to creamed mixture. Add nuts and milk only enough to blend. Drop by teaspoons onto greased baking sheet. Bake at 400° for about 10 minutes.
title: Turketti instructions: Cook spaghetti. Mix all ingredients and place in a large casserole, retaining enough cheese to cover top. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Chicken 'N Rice instructions: Flour and brown chicken in a little oil. Put rice, salt and pepper in greased casserole dish. Top with grated onion. Dump in mushrooms (juice and all). Put browned chicken on top. Pour on bouillon. Dot with butter. Cover and bake at 350° for one hour.
title: Western Macaroni(A Meal In One Dish)   instructions: Prepare dinner as directed on box. Brown meat, celery, peppers and onions and cook until tender. Stir in corn, tomato paste, water, salt and pepper. Add dinner and mix. Pour into 2-quart casserole. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Caramel Coffee Pull-Aparts instructions: Grease and lightly flour Bundt cake pan. Put frozen rolls in pan. In saucepan, simmer butter, pudding and brown sugar. Drizzle over rolls. Cover pan with towel and put in cold oven overnight. Bake next morning at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes starting in cold oven. Invert pan onto plate immediately upon removing from oven.
title: Chicken Teriyaki instructions: Combine first 6 ingredients in large shallow dish; stir with ladle. Add vegetables and chicken; toss to coat. Let marinate in refrigerator for several hours. Toss occasionally. Thread vegetables on 12 (6-inch) skewers alternating vegetables and chicken, weaving chicken strips in an accordion fashion. Broil about 6 inches from heat, about 3 minutes on each side. Baste chicken and vegetables thoroughly with marinade while broiling. Makes 6 servings (2 skewers each).
title: Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Cake instructions: Sift together on waxed paper and set aside flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. In separate large bowl, put sugar, eggs, pumpkin and oil. Beat on high for about 2 minutes and gradually add ingredients that are set aside on waxed paper. After all the ingredients are blended well, use a big spoon and stir in chocolate chips and chopped walnuts. Grease and flour Bundt pan (even Teflon) and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes at 350°. Cool for 10 minutes and then remove from pan.
title: South Maryland Stuffed Ham instructions: Chop vegetables (cabbage, kale and onions); mix with other ingredients. Cut slits in ham. Stuff ingredients in slits and if any are left over, put on top of ham. Wrap ham in heavy-duty aluminum foil. Put in a roasting pan; add 2 small saucepans of water. Cook in oven at 350° for 4 1/2 to 5 hours.
title: Bran Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Mix sugar, flour, baking soda, cinnamon and Raisin Bran. Add the eggs, Crisco and buttermilk and mix well. Bake in muffin pans 15 to 20 minutes. Dough will keep 6 weeks in the refrigerator.
title: Quick Cobbler instructions: Mix cake mix and peaches with juice in casserole dish. Place cut up stick of butter on top and bake for 20 to 30 minutes in preheated 400° oven.
title: English Pea Casserole instructions: Place a layer of English peas in the bottom of the dish. Slice the eggs and put a layer of eggs, then put on the pimentos and cheese and pour the mushroom soup over the ingredients. Top with cracker crumbs and cheese. Bake for 30 minutes or until top is brown.
title: Breakfast Casserole instructions: Trim crust (or not) from bread and lightly butter. Cook sausage until lightly brown (drain). Place 6 slices of bread in a 9 x 13-inch pan, buttered side up. Spread 1/2 of sausage and cheese over bread. Place 6 more slices of bread on top followed by rest of sausage and cheese.
title: Best Orange Ice Cream instructions: Mix ingredients. Pour into crank or electric freezer. Fill to line. Let stand at least 1 hour.
title: Bourbon Roll instructions: Mix and roll into log, then roll in powdered sugar. Keep cool.
title: Overnight Buns instructions: Add 2 Tbsp. sugar to 1/2 cup warm water. Let stand 10 minutes. Mix in 1 1/2 cups sugar, 4 cups warm water, oil, yeast, salt and gradually add flour. Mix up at 6 p.m., work down at 9 p.m. Pan out at 10:30. Let stand overnight at room temperature. Bake in the morning at 350° for 15-20 minutes.
title: Light Fruitcake instructions: In large mixing bowl, combine pecans, walnuts, cherries, pineapple and raisins. Toss with the 1 cup flour; set aside. Cream together butter or margarine and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in lemon extract. Sift together the 2 cups flour and the baking powder. Add in thirds to the creamed mixture; mix well. Add batter to fruit, mixing well to coat all fruits and nuts. Transfer batter to a well-greased 10-inch tube pan, covering tightly with foil. Place a pan of hot water on bottom oven rack. Bake cake on shelf above water in slow oven (300°) for 2 1/2 hours. Remove foil; bake 3 to 5 minutes or until top is slightly dry. Remove cake from pan when cooled thoroughly. Store in tightly covered container.
title: Turtle Cake instructions: Mix cake according to package directions. Divide batter in half. To first half, add 1 stick melted butter and 1/2 can Eagle Brand milk. Bake in 13 x 9 inch pan at 350° for 20 minutes. Melt the other stick of butter, add caramels and remaining Eagle Brand. When all melted and mixed well, stir in pecans. Pour mixture over baked cake, add remaining half of cake batter. Return to oven and bake 20 - 30 minutes. Add chocolate frosting if desired.
title: Potato Butterhorn Rolls instructions: In a large bowl, combine sugar, salt and butter with hot mashed potatoes. Set aside to cool. Add eggs. Soften yeast in 1/4 cup warm milk. Add the remaining milk to the potato mixture. Stir until blended. Add flour, a little at a time, beating well after each addition. Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until dough is soft, smooth and elastic. Gently place ball of dough into a large, well-greased bowl. Turn dough, greased side up, and set in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes.
title: Quick And Easy Maple Custard instructions: Mix all ingredients. Pour into individual molds such as small custard dishes or very small souffle cups. Set molds in a pan of hot water and bake, uncovered, at 350° for 40 minutes or until the blade of a table knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Serve warm or chilled.
title: Chicken Casserole-12 instructions: Combine all ingredients and bake about 45 minutes at 350° in a 9 x 13-inch baking dish.
title: Bill'S Chili instructions: Brown onion, green pepper and meat in a little fat. Add beans, tomatoes, corn, chili powder, salt, bay leaf and a dash of paprika and cayenne. Add water until desired consistency. Cover and simmer about 1 hour, adding water as needed. Serves 15 to 20.
title: Pasta Salad instructions: Cook rotini as directed on package. Drain and rinse. Set aside to cool. Mix after cool the rotini, eggs, celery, onion, pepper and enough Miracle Whip to moisten to your preference. Add salt and pepper if you choose. After your mixing is finished, add grated cheese and if desired, bacon bits. Place in a covered container and let chill. This is light and lasts several days.
title: Cool Coconut Squares instructions: Mix 2 cups of the coconut into the melted chocolate, stirring until coconut is completely coated. Press evenly over bottom of an 8-inch square pan. Spoon ice cream over coconut; press firmly into pan. Top with strawberry preserves. Press remaining coconut over preserves. Cover. Freeze several hours or overnight. Makes 9 servings.
title: Chicken Yvonne instructions: Bring to boil whole chicken breast in salted water and then simmer for	one hour. Butter casserole dish and line with cooked broccoli. Add boned and skinned chicken breasts, cut up into small pieces. To make sauce, mix cream of chicken soup, lemon juice, mayonnaise, curry powder. Pour sauce over chicken and broccoli. Sprinkle 1 cup shredded cheese (Longhorn or any kind of yellow cheese) over the top and add buttered bread crumbs (1/2 cup to 1 tablespoon melted butter). Bake in 350° oven until browned on top.
title: Tillie Scotch Bars instructions: Cream margarine, then gradually add both sugars and beat well. Add vanilla and egg yolk. Beat until soft and fluffy. Stir in flour and rolled oats and blend well.
title: Apple Coffee Cake instructions: Sift flour, 1 cup sugar, baking powder and salt. Blend in oleo. Add water; stir with fork. Spread in greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Arrange apples on batter. Combine 1/2 cup sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle over apples. Drizzle with melted butter. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes.
title: Jamaican Punch instructions: Pour all ingredients in blender; mix until you get everything in liquid form. Serve with ice chips.
title: Evergreen Punch instructions: Combine all ingredients except ginger ale. Chill. Add ginger ale and ice just before serving.
title: Zucchini Pancakes instructions: Mix together. Drop by heaping tablespoons onto oiled frying pan. Brown on both sides. Make about 20 to 25 pancakes. May add onion and browned hamburger to the mixture.
title: Tricolor Ginger Vegetables instructions: In skillet, boil 1/4 cup broth with garlic, ginger and pepper flakes until almost all liquid evaporates. Add vegetables and 3/4 cup chicken broth; cover and cook 4 to 6 minutes or just until vegetables are crisp-tender.
title: Homemade Beef Stew instructions: Put 8 cups of water and stew meat in a large pot. Boil for 30 minutes. Cut potatoes into wedges. Cut celery into small chunks. Slice onion. Scrape carrots and cut into chunks. Add all vegetables to beef and water. Add one tablespoon salt and boil for 30 minutes or more. Add tomato sauce and water. Turn on low burner and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off and let set for 10 minutes.
title: Cherry Fluff instructions: Mix all together and refrigerate.
title: Coconut Pie instructions: Mix together the sugar and cornstarch. Add the eggs, margarine, 1 3/4 cups coconut, 1 1/4 cups of milk and vanilla. Stir well. Pour mixture into pie shell(s). Add additional milk and coconut (sprinkle over and gently mash down into mixture) to finish filling the shell(s) to 3/4-inch from the top. Bake at 325° for 45 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Golden Cheese Spread instructions: Make your favorite pizza crust and bake. Mix a Ranch style dressing packet according to directions and let chill until spreading consistency, then spread over crust. Chop up lettuce, shred carrots, broccoli or cauliflower, tomatoes, mushrooms and whatever other vegetable you prefer. Spread in layers on the crust. Top with shredded cheese.
title: Lemon Or Lime Whip Pie instructions: Mix Cool Whip, Eagle Brand milk and the lemon or limeade. Pour into pie crust. Chill and serve.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Cook potatoes and bacon. After bacon is cooked, stir in the eggs, milk, 3 tablespoons sugar and 2 tablespoons vinegar. Cook until thick, stirring constantly. Pour over potatoes, celery and onion. Let cool. Mix Miracle Whip, milk, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon vinegar; pour over cooled potatoes. Add salt, pepper and celery seed to taste.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Mash cooked squash until fine. Put all ingredients in bowl and mix well. Pour in a greased casserole dish and bake at 350° for 30 to 45 minutes.
title: Paprikasalat instructions: Quarter, seed and derib peppers. Using a sharp knife or food processor, slice the peppers very very thinly. Peel and quarter the onion and slice very thinly. Set aside. Mix olive oil, vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper. Toss with vegetables. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving.
title: Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Have baking sheets ready; do not grease. Start oven 10 minutes before baking; set to 375°.
title: Cup Custard instructions: Combine milk, sugar and salt; slowly stir in water. Mix in eggs and vanilla. Pour mixture into 6 custard cups. Set pan containing 1-inch hot water. Bake in a 350° oven for 50 minutes or until knife inserted near edge of custard comes out clean. Serves 6.
title: Chocolate Pie instructions: Mix sugar and cocoa. Add 1/2 of milk, eggs and margarine. Mix well. Add remaining milk. Pour into unbaked pie shells. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Serve topped with whipped cream or ice cream, if desired.
title: Good For Garden Time instructions: Mix all ingredients together and chill.
title: Stuffed Chipped Steak instructions: Mix marinade as directed on package. Marinate chipped steaks as directed on package. Remove steak from marinade; save marinade. Tenderize chip steaks. Mix Stove Top stuffing according to package directions. Put about 3 tablespoonfuls stuffing on each slice of chipped steak. Roll it up. Secure with toothpick. Place in glass baking dish; drizzle with leftover marinade. Bake 45 to 60 minutes at 350°.
title: Condensed Milk Salad instructions: Combine milk and lemon juice. Let stand until thickened. Fold in thawed whipped topping. Add remaining ingredients. Chill.
title: Acorn Squash With Cranberry Filling(Servings:  4)   instructions: Discard soaking water. Drain and rinse beans. Add fresh water to cover 1 1/2-inches. Add vegetables, cumin, bay leaf and oregano. Simmer slowly 3 1/2 hours or until tender, adding more water as necessary. Keep covered. Should be liquidy. Add salt and pepper flakes at end to taste. Serve over rice with a dollop of sour cream and/or salsa. Serves 8 to 10 as a main dish with side salad. For side dish or for fewer servings, halve recipe.
title: Crock Pot Baked Beans instructions: Brown hamburger meat and onion. Drain. Mix hamburger and all other ingredients in a large crock pot. Cook for 45 minutes on high. This is good for a meal with creamed potatoes and bread.
title: Cheese Ball instructions: Let cream cheese set at room temperature, then mix together.
title: Tomato Sauce Topping For Pizza instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Makes enough topping for 2 pizzas.
title: Date Salad instructions: Mix together and chill.
title: Spaghetti Sauce instructions: In skillet, brown hamburger meat and onions. Drain. Add remaining ingredients and simmer.
title: Green Bean Bake instructions: In a 1 1/2-quart casserole dish, stir soup, milk, soy sauce and pepper until smooth. Stir in drained green beans, 1/2 of onions and olives. Bake at 350° for 25 minutes, or until bubbly; stir. Top with remaining onions and bake 5 minutes more. Garnish with additional olives, if desired. Makes about 4 cups. May easily be doubled.
title: Hickory Nut Cake instructions: Cream together butter, sugar and vanilla until fluffy. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add with milk to creamed mixture. Beat until smooth. Fold in nuts and egg whites. Pour into 2 greased 8-inch square pans. Bake at 350° for 35 minutes. Cool and frost with sweetened whipped cream. Sprinkle some chopped hickory nuts over top.
title: Succotash instructions: Cook lima beans first by themselves until done. Add all the other ingredients and let simmer 10 minutes.
title: Zucchini Soup instructions: Saute vegetables in butter until tender. Add salt, pepper, soy sauce and sugar. Add stock, milk and canned milk. Do not boil! Keep just below boiling for about 45 minutes. Serve with a dash of nutmeg.
title: Peanut Blossoms instructions: Mix all ingredients, except for the 1 bowl of sugar. Roll dough in 1-inch balls and roll in bowl of sugar. Place on ungreased cookie sheet and bake at 375° for 10 to 12 minutes. While still hot from oven, press one Hershey's Kiss carefully into the top of each cookie. Cool and enjoy! This recipe makes about 2 1/2 dozen cookies.
title: Mama'S Brownies instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Date Pudding instructions: Beat the egg whites until they are stiff. Mix the sugar, baking powder and salt together. Fold into the egg whites this mixture. Stone and chop nuts. Fold into the sugar and egg mixture. Bake in oiled tin for 25 to 30 minutes at 350°. This pudding is best served about 3 days after it is made.
title: Gloria'S Strawberry Pie instructions: Heat juice until boiling. Remove from heat. Add Jell-O. Stir until dissolved. Add ice cream. Stir until dissolved. Refrigerate until mixture mounds itself. Fold in berries. Pour into baked pie shell. Refrigerate until set. Top with whipped cream. Use Dream Whip.
title: Hungarian Goulash instructions: Brown meat. Add onions and garlic; cook until tender. Blend in seasonings. Add tomatoes; simmer. Stir in sour cream. Serve over elbow macaroni.
title: Zesty Slaw instructions: Combine all ingredients in large bowl; mix well. Cover and chill before serving.
title: Apple Butter instructions: Make in a crock-pot! For each crock-pot full of applesauce add these ingredients. Let cook all day. Take out cinnamon sticks and seal in jars.
title: Ham Deviled Eggs instructions: Slice eggs in halves (across). Remove yolks and mash. Blend with deviled ham, mayonnaise and pickle relish.	Fill hollows with mixture and garnish with pepper strips or pimento or stuffed olives.
title: Carrot Nut Bread instructions: Mix together sugar and shortening. Add eggs. Sift together flour, cinnamon, soda and salt. Add to first mixture, then stir in carrots and nutmeats. Bake in a loaf pan for 1 hour at 370°.
title: Pineapple Casserole instructions: Mix well flour and sugar. Put pineapple in dish. Sprinkle sugar and flour mixture over pineapple. Top with cheese and then crackers. Pour 1 stick melted margarine over top. Bake at 350° until bubbles (about 20 minutes).
title: Cauliflower Salad instructions: In oblong pan, layer vegetables. Ice with mayonnaise. Top with bacon bits and Parmesan cheese. Refrigerate and toss before serving.
title: Peanut Butter Tandy Cakes instructions: Beat eggs. Add sugar gradually. Add milk and vanilla. Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Mix well. Grease cookie sheet pan with sides. Bake at 350° for 15 to 20 minutes. Spread with 1 cup creamy peanut butter while hot. Cool completely.
title: Earthquake Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
title: Chicken Breasts instructions: Marinate chicken breasts in eggs and garlic salt for 3 hours. Coat chicken in bread crumbs and brown on top of stove. Lay flat in a 15 x 10-inch pan. Mix bouillon cubes in 1 cup of water and pour over chicken. Spread shredded cheeses over chicken. Bake at 350° for 30 to 40 minutes.
title: Red Meat Marinade instructions: Mix together. Add red meat to marinade in a Ziploc bag and marinate at least 6 hours. Grill to desired doneness.
title: Cornbread Cake instructions: Grease	a 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix together the Bisquick, cornmeal and baking powder. In a separate bowl, mix oil and sugar; blend in eggs. Add liquid to dry ingredients. Stir in milk and vanilla. Bake at 325° for 35 to 40 minutes. Cool 5 minutes. Pour melted butter over warm cornbread.
title: Oven Barbecue Chicken instructions: Roll chicken in flour, salt and pepper. Fry quickly in uncovered skillet. Place	largest pieces on bottom of baking dish. Place small pieces on top. Fry onion in margarine until brown, then add remaining ingredients. Simmer for about 15 minutes. Pour over chicken and bake for 1 hour at 350° in oven until golden brown and tender.
title: Peanut Butter Fudge instructions: Add white sugar, brown sugar, milk and salt together in saucepan. Heat to a boil; boil for 1 1/2 minutes, then remove from heat. Quickly add peanut butter, marshmallow, vanilla and walnuts, while stirring as much as possible. Stir until starts to thicken, then pour into lightly greased pan (9 x 13-inch).
title: Party Chicken Bake instructions: Melt butter or margarine in large skillet. Add chicken breasts and sprinkle half of Italian dressing mix on top. Saute. Turn chicken and add rest of dressing mix. Cook until chicken is white throughout, but do not overcook. Mix softened cream cheese, sour cream, soup, wine and milk with a whisk or beaters until smooth.
title: Lime Pineapple Mold instructions: Drain pineapple and save juice. Add water to juice to make 3 1/2 cups. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and add jello. Cool. Let ice cream stand 15 minutes.
title: Okra And Eggplant Stew instructions: Wash the okra and eggplant. Cut into small pieces and boil until tender.
title: Watermelon Rind Pickles instructions: Make solution of water and lime dissolved in it. Let stand overnight. Next morning take out and wash in clear water. Prepare a ginger tea. Cook rind until it begins to look clear. Prepare syrup. Drop rind in the syrup, having enough to cover rind well. Boil until rind becomes a pretty amber color. Fill jars and seal.
title: Harvey Wallbanger Cake instructions: Mix and beat 4 minutes. Grease and lightly flour Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 45 to 50 minutes. Dust with powdered sugar or orange juice glaze.
title: Punch Bowl Cake instructions: Mix and cool cake. Crumble 1/2 cake in bottom of punch bowl. Pour 1/2 pudding over cake. Add 1/2 drained pineapple, 1/2 mixed fruit and 1/2 Cool Whip. Repeat steps and top with chopped nuts.
title: Raspberry Pretzel Dessert instructions: Mix together; press in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake 8 minutes. Cool.
title: Kay'S Hamburger Cakes instructions: Mix your meat (can be purchased from "Ernest & Sons Meat Market"; tell Sam it's for "Kay's Hamburger Cakes" and he will make it for you) with the onion and form 7 hamburger patties. In a very large frypan, melt butter, then brown patties well on both sides and cook through.
title: Hot Fudge Sauce For Ice Cream instructions: Cook and stir first five ingredients until blended; add 1/2 cup evaporated milk. Bring to a boil. Stir until thick. Don't overcook. Add 2 teaspoons vanilla.
title: Chicken Paprikas 2 instructions: Brown onion in shortening. Add paprika and chicken pieces, salted to taste. Brown 10 minutes. Add water. Cover and let simmer slowly until tender. Remove chicken. Mix flour with sour cream and add to drippings in pan and mix well. Arrange chicken on top. Heat through and serve.
title: Broccoli Spears With Lemon Butter instructions: Cook broccoli according to the package directions. Drain if necessary. Meanwhile, melt butter in small saucepan. Cook over low heat until amber colored. Add lemon juice. Place broccoli in serving dish. Pour lemon butter over top.
title: Jello Cubes For Kids instructions: Mix well together; pour into cookie sheet pan. Chill in refrigerator until firm, then cut into cubes.
title: Peanut Butter Melt instructions: Melt together Crisco, peanut butter and chocolate chips. In a cake pan, spread one bag of miniature marshmallows. Pour melted ingredients over the top. Spread evenly. Put in refrigerator until cooled and solid.
title: Orange Jello Salad instructions: Bring Jell-O, water, sugar and pineapple and juice to a boil; cool and add nuts, Cool Whip and cheese. Pour in a salad bowl. Refrigerate until set.
title: Irish (Norwegian) Soda Bread instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease an 8 1/2-inch pan (preferably an iron frying pan). Mix dry ingredients. Add raisins and caraway seed. Mix well until raisins are coated with flour. Combine eggs, buttermilk and melted butter. Add to dry ingredients and mix lightly until moistened. Turn batter into pan and shape round. Bake 1 hour. Serve slices buttered with a good cup of coffee or tea.
title: Chili Cornbread Bake instructions: Brown ground beef in skillet, stirring until crumbly; drain. Add onion and pepper. Cook for several minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in salt, seasoning mix and tomato sauce. Spoon into 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Combine muffin mix and evaporated milk. Spread evenly over casserole. Top with cheese. Bake at 400° for 20 to 25 minutes, or until golden brown. Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
title: Butterfingers instructions: Mix and roll into rolls about finger size. Bake at 350° until lightly brown. After baked and cooled, roll in confectioners sugar.
title: Hamburger Baked Beans instructions: Brown hamburger and onions until meat is completely browned. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Place in casserole pan and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Taffy Apple Salad instructions: In a medium saucepan, cook sugar, pineapple with juice, flour, egg and vinegar until thick. Cool. Fold in whipped topping and apples and 1/2 cup peanuts. Pour into serving bowl and garnish with remaining peanuts. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.
title: Chocolate Delight instructions: In a mixer, combine flour, 3/4 cup pecans and butter. Press in a 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan. Bake at 375° for 25 minutes. Cool.
title: Punch Bowl Cake instructions: Bake cake by the directions on the box. Crumble while still warm. Layer the following: 1/2 the crumbled cake, 1/2 can crushed pineapple, 1/2 pudding, 1/2 can cherry pie filling and 1/2 container Cool Whip. Repeat the layers. Better made a day ahead. Feeds a large group.
title: Toss It To Me instructions: Combine tomato sauce and spaghetti sauce mix in bowl; mix well. Alternate layers of noodles, turkey, cheese and sauce in greased casserole. Top with frankfurters. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Lemon Cheese Squares instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Mix dry cake mix, 1 egg and 1/3 cup oil until crumbly. Reserve 1 cup mix and press remaining mixture into ungreased 13 x 9-inch dish. Bake 15 minutes at 350°.
title: Scalloped Pineapple instructions: Cream together sugar, oleo and eggs. Stir in milk, pineapple and bread cubes. Mix well. Pour into casserole. Additional bread cubes may be sprinkled on top. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Flaky Pie Crust instructions: Mix together with tablespoon. On floured dough board, roll into pie crusts. Makes three 9-inch pie crusts.
title: Sugar-Free Fruity Salad Pudding instructions: Mix dry pudding and pineapple with juice in bowl. Stir in rest of fruit and set aside. Combine Dream Whip mixed as box indicates or Cool Whip. Beat in cream cheese. Add sour cream. Mix well and add 2 packages sweetener. Mix together. Fold in fruit and pudding mixture. Sprinkle nuts on top. Chill in refrigerator, 4 to 5 hours, or overnight.
title: Special Corn Bread instructions: Combine corn meal, milk, water and egg; beat well to mix. Add corn and stir well. Heat oil in an 8-inch iron frying pan; pour in mixture and mix well. Pour in hot greased pan. Bake at 450° for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from oven and butter top. Serve hot with butter.
title: Fudge instructions: Stir chocolate chips, condensed milk and vanilla. Microwave 3 1/2 minutes. Stir in nuts. Put in square pan with wax paper on bottom. Refrigerate 2 hours.
title: Creamed Chipped Beef instructions: Cream melted butter and chipped beef in saucepan or fry pan. Frizzle lightly. Blend in flour to chipped beef; add milk slowly, stirring constantly, until reaching desired consistency. Serve on toast or waffles or over scrambled eggs.
title: Quick Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Put all ingredients into a large bowl and mix until well moistened. Drop onto well-greased pan by teaspoon. Bake at 375° for 15 to 20 minutes or to make into bars, put in 9 x 13-inch pan. Press evenly and bake 20 to 30 minutes. While still warm, cut into bars.
title: Tortilla Chip Casserole instructions: Brown hamburg, onion and garlic over high heat, stirring. Drain fat. Reduce heat to medium. Stir in sour cream, taco sauce and tomato paste. Heat completely.
title: Microwave Fudge Pie instructions: Mix all ingredients together, then pour into 9-inch pie pan; place on inverted saucer. Microwave 15 to 18 minutes. Cut in slices. Serve hot. Top with ice cream.
title: Lasagna Low-Fat Recipe(Yields 16 Servings)   instructions: In large saucepan, heat oil. Saute onions, garlic and green peppers until softened. Add mushrooms and saute until tender. Add ground round, salt and pepper. Cook until meat loses red color. Drain off fat. Add tomato sauce, tomatoes, tomato paste, basil, oregano and parsley. Simmer 1 1/2 hours or until sauce has thickened.
title: Deck The Hall Wreath instructions: Combine cake mix, pudding mix, water, eggs and oil; blend at medium speed for 4 minutes. Stir in coconut and nuts. Pour into greased and floured 11-cup ring mold or 10-inch tube pan. Bake at 325° for 1 hour. Cool 15 minutes. Remove; cool on rack.
title: Blueberry Coffee Cake instructions: Mix the first 7 ingredients first, then add blueberries; stir by hand. Bake at 375° for 45 to 50 minutes.
title: Hush Puppies(Fishermen'S Bread)   instructions: Mix dry ingredients together. Add onions, then buttermilk and finally the beaten egg. Drop by spoonfuls into pan in which fish is being fried. Fry to a golden brown. Drain on absorbent paper. Makes 4 servings.
title: Hamburger Pie instructions: Mash potatoes while hot. Add milk and beat in egg, salt and pepper. Pour meat mixture into 1 1/2-quart casserole. Top with potato topper. Bake at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes.
title: Minestrone instructions: In large kettle, brown pork until crisp. Add onions and garlic and saute until onions are tender. Add zucchini, cabbage, bay leaf and water. Bring to boil. Cover and simmer 45 minutes. Stir in beans, tomatoes, spaghetti, salt and pepper. Cook 15 minutes until spaghetti is tender. Discard bay leaf. Serve with cheese.
title: No Weep Meringue instructions: Mix cornstarch and 2 tablespoons sugar with water and cook together until clear. Set aside. Add a dash of salt to the egg whites. Beat until foamy and standing in peaks. Add cornstarch mixture and continue to beat until creamy. Add 6 tablespoons sugar gradually. Beat until stiff. Pile on pie and bake at 325° for approximately 30 minutes or until a delicate brown.
title: Pasta With Pink Vodka Sauce instructions: Cook pasta until al dente; drain. Melt butter over medium heat in saucepan. Add vodka and pepper flakes. Simmer for 2 minutes. Add heavy cream and tomatoes. Simmer 5 minutes longer. Sprinkle with salt. Combine pasta and sauce; toss gently. Stir in cheese. Serve immediately.
title: Impossible Bacon Quiche instructions: Preheat oven to 400°. Lightly grease a 10-inch pie plate. Sprinkle bacon, cheese and onion in pie plate. Beat milk, Bisquick, eggs, salt and pepper in a medium size bowl with electric mixer until smooth, about 1 minute. Pour into pie plate. Bake in hot oven (400°) for 35 minutes or until golden brown and knife inserted halfway between center and edges comes out clean. Garnish with tomato slices and bacon strips if you wish. Refrigerate remaining quiche.
title: Clam Chowder instructions: Melt butter in large 13 x 5-inch pan. Add chopped onion and saute until onion is clear. Add clams, juice, soup and milk. Stir well. Bake in oven at 200° for 4 hours.
title: Berry Cobbler instructions: Heat oven to 400°. In medium saucepan, stir together 1 cup sugar, cornstarch and water. Add berries. Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened. Pour into 11 x 7 x 2-inch baking dish or 2-quart casserole.
title: Squash Casserole instructions: Mix all together except the stuffing mix and put a layer of	mix and a layer of squash until all has been used. Bake at 325° for 30 minutes.
title: Milky Way Cake instructions: Cut or break up candy bars. Melt candy and oleo together in the microwave. Stir until smooth (small pieces may remain). Cool. Sift flour and soda together. In a mixing bowl, slowly add buttermilk to flour and beat well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. Add sugar, candy mixture and pecans. Beat well. Pour into well-greased Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour and 10 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean.
title: Country Potatoes(Serves 4)   instructions: Peel potatoes. Cut into halves lengthwise. With small knife, cut each half diagonally into 1/8-inch slices, keeping the potato assembled. Lift with a pancake turner onto oiled baking sheet. Press down slightly with palm of hand to fan out slightly. Brush with butter or olive oil. Bake at 400° for 30 minutes. Sprinkle with herbs. Bake 15 to 25 minutes longer. Sprinkle with minced parsley, if desired, before serving.
title: Refrigerator Cookies instructions: Mix sugars and shortening; add vanilla and egg. Mix dry ingredients. Add to sugar mixture. Fold in nuts. Roll in wax paper and refrigerate at least 1 hour before baking. Bake at 375° for 10 minutes.
title: Strawberry Pie instructions: Bake pie crust and let cool. Line crust with strawberries. Combine sugar, water and cornstarch in saucepan and cook on medium heat until thick. Add strawberry Jell-O to mixture. Pour glaze on top. Cool in refrigerator. Top with Cool Whip.
title: Broccoli Slaw instructions: Pour dressing over broccoli slaw. Add sunflower seeds and raisins. Stir before serving. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: No Bake Blueberry Pie instructions: Boil ingredients until thickened. Take off heat. Add 3 tablespoons blackberry or black cherry jello. Let cool. Stir in 2 to 3 pints blueberries and put in baked pie shell.
title: Fruit Cocktail Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients. Do not beat. Pour into greased and floured 8-inch square cake pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Serve with whipped topping. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Mother'S Fine Sugar Cookies instructions: In large bowl beat butter, sugars and salt until well blended. Add egg and vanilla and beat until fluffy. Sift together flour, baking soda and cream of tartar. Add to creamed mixture and blend well. Chill for at least 2 hours. Shape into small balls about 3/4 inch size and place on ungreased baking sheet 2 inches apart.
title: Mexican Beef Spread instructions: Dice and fry bacon crisp. Combine all ingredients except bacon. Heat in 400° oven until cheese melts. Remove and stir in bacon. Spread on crackers or bread.
title: Cherry Salad instructions: Put cherries in pan. Add Jell-O and sugar. Place on stove and let it get good and hot while stirring constantly. Take off stove and add pineapple and nuts. Pour into dish and refrigerate.
title: Crab Dip instructions: Mix cream cheese, sour cream and milk together until well blended. Add onion, crab meat and Worcestershire sauce. Place in refrigerator overnight.
title: Ice Cream And Jello Salad instructions: Drain juice from pineapple. It should equal 1 cup. Bring juice to a boil; dissolve jello in it. Add ice cream, pineapple and nuts. Pour into mold and let set.
title: Bean Casserole instructions: Combine all ingredients and mix well. In a large baking pan, bake for 1 hour at 325 to 350° (until done). Recipe can easily be doubled for large crowds. Always a crowd pleaser.
title: Devil'S Food Cake instructions: Cream butter, sugar and vanilla in large mixer bowl until light and fluffy. Add eggs; beat well. Combine flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt; add alternately with buttermilk to creamed mixture. Add boiling water; beat until smooth. Pour into waxed paper-lined 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes; remove cake from pan. Cool completely. Frost as desired.
title: Oreo Cake instructions: Crush Oreos and place in an 11 x 9-inch pan. Save some cookie crumbs for garnish. In one bowl, mix cream cheese and powdered sugar. Add 1 container Cool Whip. Pour over cookies. In second bowl, mix pudding and milk. Pour over cream cheese mixture. Spread second container Cool Whip on chocolate mixture. Sprinkle with Oreos. Chill.
title: Baked Ziti instructions: Cook ziti according to package directions; drain. Grease large casserole. Place layer of sauce in bottom. Add a layer of pasta; top with more sauce, 1/2 Ricotta mixture* and shredded Mozzarella; repeat layers. Bake at 350° for 40 to 50 minutes.
title: Chicken Divan(With Broccoli Or Asparagus, Cooked Al Dente)   instructions: Layer cooked chicken in bottom of 11 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. Combine soup, wine, mayonnaise, lemon juice and curry powder. Layer broccoli on top of chicken and pour soup mixture over all.
title: Potato Green Bean Casserole instructions: Microwave potatoes on High 2 to 2 1/2 minutes on each side. Cool; peel and dice large. Combine all ingredients except half of onions. Pour into a Pam sprayed 2-quart casserole. Bake uncovered at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Top with remaining onions. Bake 2 to 5 minutes more or until onions are light brown.
title: Sauerkraut Salad instructions: Bring sugar and vinegar to a boil. Mix all other ingredients. Pour vinegar mixture over. Store in jars. Keeps 2 to 3 weeks in refrigerator. Excellent with pork or as a side dish.
title: Colorado Taco Salad instructions: Mix first 6 ingredients together and gently fold in Doritos corn chips. Gently toss with dressing. Garnish with extra cheese and tomatoes.
title: Kal Bi Korean Ribs instructions: Spread sugar on meat with sesame seed and onions. Mix soy sauce, sesame oil and ginger powder. Marinate for 6 hours or overnight. Bake on barbecue grill.
title: Baked Beans instructions: Brown bacon in skillet for 6 minutes. Put bacon on paper towels. Pour off fat. Use 3 tablespoons fat in skillet. Put chopped onion in fat. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Pour pork and beans in casserole dish. Stir in brown sugar, catsup, Worcestershire sauce and mustard until well mixed. Stir in onion. Bake in a 350° oven for 1 hour. Stir beans and crumble cooked bacon over beans.
title: Supper On A Bun instructions: Combine all ingredients and put on half loaves of French bread. Wrap foil around crust side. Bake uncovered on cookie sheet for 25 minutes at 350°. Garnish with strips of cheese and bake 5 minutes longer.
title: Frozen Sherbet Dessert instructions: Reserve 1/4 cup nuts. Crunch up cookies; mix in the Cool Whip and nuts. Place 1/2 of the cookie mixture in the bottom of a spring-form pan. Place the softened sherbet in the pan; press until it is even. Refreeze until firm. Place the remaining cookie mixture; sprinkle with remaining nuts. Freeze until you are ready to serve.
title: Chicken  Swirl Slices instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Place 1 chicken breast, boned side up between 2 pieces of plastic wrap or waxed paper. Working from center, gently pound chicken with rolling pin or flat side of meat mallet until about 1/8 to 1/4 inch thick. Repeat with remaining chicken breast halves. In a small bowl combine marjoram, thyme and rosemary. Brush flattened chicken with melted butter; sprinkle each piece with herbs. Place ham slice on each chicken piece; top with cheese slice.
title: Pizzelles instructions: Beat eggs, adding sugar gradually. Beat until smooth. Add cooled margarine and vanilla or anise. Sift flour and baking powder. Blend into egg mixture until smooth. Dough will be sticky enough to be dropped by spoon. Bake in pizzelle baker. Makes 60 pizzelles. Slivered almonds are optional.
title: Chicken Tetrazzini instructions: Mix ingredients together. Pour into ungreased 2-quart casserole dish. Sprinkle cheese on top. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Slumgullion instructions: Saute onion and potatoes in a little oil until potatoes are done. Pour tomatoes in and simmer. Add salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle a little sugar in to cut the tomato tart taste. Simmer just a few minutes longer. This is served over grits and eaten with fried fish. You just have to try it to like it.
title: Lazy Day Cake instructions: Melt oleo in deep dish. Beat together sugar (1 cup), flour, baking powder, salt and milk. Beat to smooth batter. Pour over melted butter in deep dish. Do not stir. Empty 1 can peaches, juice and all, over batter and sprinkle with reserved 1/2 cup sugar. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Pudding Cake instructions: Mix flour and margarine together. Press in bottom of pan. Add pecans and press into the dough. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes or so, then let cool. Mix cream cheese, 1 cup Cool Whip and powdered sugar. Spread on top of dough crust. Mix chocolate instant pudding and spread over cream cheese mixture. Mix French vanilla instant pudding and spread over chocolate. Cover top with Cool Whip and garnish with whatever.
title: Texas Barbecue Sauce instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan and saute the onion for 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute 1 more minute. Add remaining ingredients and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
title: Blackberry Cobbler instructions: Mix together flour, baking powder and salt. Cream together 1 cup sugar, eggs, butter and vanilla. Add flour mixture and milk to egg mixture. Pour into pan. Sprinkle berries over batter with 1/2 cup sugar.
title: Maraschino Cherry Chocolate Cake instructions: Prepare cake mix according to package directions, adding almond extract with the water; stir cherries into batter. Bake according to package directions; cool. Frost with Cherry Fudge Frosting.
title: Family Favorite Salad instructions: Prepare Jell-O according to package directions; allow to set slightly. Whip cream cheese and salad dressing. Mix well and whip into Jell-O. Add pineapple, nuts and cherries. Allow to set a few minutes to be sure it is thickening before adding the whipped cream. Stir whipped cream into Jell-O mixture. Pour into a pretty mold. Best to set overnight.
title: Jackson'S Vanilla Wafer Cake instructions: Put finely crushed vanilla wafer crumbs, coconut and pecans in large mixing pan. Mix well. Cream sugar and margarine, then add eggs, beating after each addition. Add milk. Pour this mixture into dry ingredients and mix well. Bake in greased and floured tube pan. Bake 1 hour in middle of oven at 325°. Cool 15 minutes before removing from pan.
title: Chocolate Caramel Cake instructions: Bake cake according to directions on box. As soon as it comes out of the oven, poke holes in cake with handle of spoon or straw about 2-inches apart over entire cake. Do not poke all the way through to the bottom. Pour sweetened condensed milk into holes and over entire cake. Top with Cool Whip and sprinkle top with Heath bar chips. Let the cake absorb the milk and caramel before serving. Keep refrigerated.
title: Company Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water. Cool and add pineapple, bananas and marshmallows. Chill in large Pyrex dish until firm. Heat pineapple juice in top of double boiler. Add flour and sugar to beaten egg. Mix with juice and cook until thick, stirring constantly. Cool and fold in whipping cream. Spread over jello. Sprinkle with grated cheese generously. Cut in squares and serve.
title: Pumpkin Bread instructions: Mix together all dry ingredients, except sugars. Beat eggs in separate bowl. Stir in sugars. Add oil and pumpkin. Mix well. Slowly add dry ingredients. Bake in greased bread pans, about 25 minutes, at 350°.
title: Apple Dessert instructions: In a 9 x 12-inch pan (ungreased), layer the apple pie filling, pineapple and cake mix (dry). Place butter over top. Bake 1 hour, covered with foil, at 350°. Remove foil and add the pecans. Bake until pecans brown.
title: Easy Macaroni Salad instructions: In large bowl, combine mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, sugar, salt and black pepper. Add macaroni, celery, green pepper and onion; toss to coat well. Cover; chill. Garnish, as desired. Makes about 8 servings.
title: Play Dough instructions: Combine all ingredients in saucepan. Cook over medium heat until mixture pulls away from sides of pan. Cool slightly. Knead a few minutes. Enjoy.
title: Date Nut Loaf instructions: Mix together first 4 ingredients, then add eggs one at a time. Bake 1 to 1 1/2 hours at 300°.
title: Noodle Casserole instructions: Pour melted oleo over cooked noodles. Add eggs, sugar, sour cream and pineapple. Mix well and add cottage cheese. Bake in a 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan at 350° for 1 hour. Serve hot or cold.
title: Family Cioppino instructions: Brown garlic in oil, then remove. Add all other ingredients, except parsley and cook with cover on until shellfish is done. Add parsley last 5 minutes.
title: Porcupine Balls instructions: Mix ingredients. Make into balls and brown in heavy skillet. Add tomato juice and simmer for 1 to 2 hours. Add water if it gets dry.
title: Tacocitos instructions: Mix maseca flour with milk to make a nice dough. Add salt. Form balls. Flatten with tortilla press. Drop spoonful of mashed beans, seasoned to your taste. (Can add any meat you have on hand, chopped.) Fold tortilla over and close all around. Fry in lard. Eat with hot sauce. (You'll need to make a big batch - they're good.) You can substitute cottage cheese, seasoned, and mixed with an egg, instead of beans and meat.
title: Caramel Apple Bake instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Mix apples, 2 tablespoons Bisquick, cinnamon and caramel candies. Spread in greased casserole dish. Mix nuts, brown sugar, butter and 1 cup Bisquick. Sprinkle on top. Bake 35 to 40 minutes at 375°.
title: Taco Salad Appetizer instructions: Spread beans in a thin layer in 13 x 9-inch pan. Spread sauce evenly on top of beans. Spread 1/2 of cheese. Add lettuce, then tomatoes. Sprinkle remainder of cheese on top. Use chips to scoop.
title: Stuffing And Hamburg Dish instructions: Line bottom of 9 x 12 pan with hamburger mixture (first 3 ingredients). Place stuffing on top of hamburger mixture. Pour the soup over top and bake at 350° for 45 minutes to an hour.
title: Impossible Quesadilla Pie instructions: Heat oven to 450°. Grease pie plate, 10 x 1 1/2-inches. Sprinkle chillies and cheese in plate. Beat remaining ingredients until smooth. Pour into plate. Bake until knife inserted between center and edge comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting. Serve with sour cream or guacamole. Serves 6 to 8.
title: Barbecue Sauce instructions: In large skillet brown 1 green pepper, sliced fine, and 1 large onion, cut fine. Then add ground beef, salt and pepper to taste. Brown meat slowly, crumbling with a fork. When meat is completely browned, pour off any grease that has formed. Add mustard, vinegar, sugar, water, ketchup, salt and pepper. Mix all ingredients with meat. Cover and simmer 15 minutes.
title: Rhubarb Cake instructions: Take rhubarb and 1/2 cup sugar and let set until sugar is completely dissolved. Beat until creamy 1 1/2 cups sugar, Crisco and egg. Add remaining ingredients. Fold in rhubarb mixture and bake at 350° for 45 to 60 minutes in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Use tester to make sure cake is done. A very moist cake.
title: Low Cholesterol Mayonnaise instructions: In beater bowl, beat the whites with the sugar, salt, mustard, garlic powder and pepper until quite foamy. Slowly begin to add 1/2 cup oil while beating on high. You must add oil slowly or the mixture will not emulsify. Now add 1 tablespoon of vinegar. Continue beating and adding oil on high until all of the oil is used. Then beat in the last tablespoon vinegar. Pour into covered jar and keep refrigerated. This thickens more on chilling and is excellent for all salads.
title: Ham And Egg Salad instructions: In a bowl, mix together the ham, celery, green pepper, egg, mayonnaise, ginger, lemon juice and mustard. Stir to blend thoroughly. Divide ham salad evenly and spread on bottoms of rolls. Top with lettuce and then with tops of rolls.
title: Chocolate Pie instructions: Beat egg yolks and add milk. Sift all dry ingredients together. Add to milk and eggs. Cook in double boiler until thick. Or----Put in qt. size dish and cook in microwave for 3 minutes on high, take out and stir. Cook 1 minute and stir until thick. Add vanilla and butter. Put in baked pie shell and set aside.
title: Susan'S Crock-Pot Dressing instructions: Mix and add to breads. Combine thoroughly. Pour into crock-pot. Dot top with margarine. Cook on High for 2 hours. Then cook on low for 3 to 4 hours. Pour into baking dish and brown in 350° oven for 10 minutes. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Easy Cheesecake instructions: Beat cheese until smooth; gradually beat in sugar. Blend in vanilla. Fold in whipped topping, blending well. Spoon into crust. Chill until set, at least 4 hours. Garnish with fresh strawberries, if desired.
title: Spicy Tomato Sauce instructions: Cook tomatoes and onions until done. Add spices and other ingredients and cook slowly until very thick, stirring often. Will mike 1 large dishpan 3/4 full.
title: Crab Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients. Chill and serve on crisp lettuce leaves.
title: Crock-Pot Sweet And Sour Beef And Vegetables instructions: Brown meat in hot oil in skillet. Transfer to slow cooker. Add all remaining ingredients, mixing well. Cook 6 to 7 hours on low or 4 hours on high. Yields 4 to 6 servings.
title: Grits Casserole instructions: Cut cheese and butter into hot grits. Add pepper and garlic. Beat eggs, adding milk and baking powder. Stir into hot mixture and pour into greased 8 x 11-inch baking dish. Bake 45 to 60 minutes in a 350° oven. Salt to taste.
title: Microwave Rice Pudding instructions: In a 2-quart casserole, combine eggs, milk, sugar, vanilla and salt. Add rice and raisins. Mix well. Microcook at High, uncovered, for 8 to 10 minutes. Stir every 2 minutes. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Let stand 30 minutes without stirring.
title: Blueberry Cupcakes instructions: Cream the shortening and sugar. Beat in eggs. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add alternately with milk and mix well. Add vanilla and berries. Sprinkle sugar on top of cupcakes. Bake at 350° for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Beef And Baked Beans instructions: In a skillet, cook beef, onion and green pepper over medium heat until meat is no longer pink and vegetables are tender. Drain. Add beans and mushrooms. Mix well. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until heated through. Yield: 4 servings.
title: Mandarin Orange Cake instructions: Combine cake mix with oil, eggs, oranges and juice. Mix well and pour in greased and floured 12 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Bake at 325° for 35 minutes.
title: Chocolate-Peanut Bars(Chewy And Crisp At The Same Time.)   instructions: Combine syrup, sugar and salt in saucepan. Bring to a full boil. Stir in peanut butter. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla, cereals and chocolate pieces. Press into buttered 9 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Chill about 1 hour. Cut in small bars or squares. (For easy serving, store in refrigerator.) Makes about 2 dozen bars.
title: Sourdough Starter instructions: Combine flour, sugar and yeast in large bowl. Gradually add warm water to dry ingredients and beat until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap; let stand in warm place for 2 days. To use in a recipe, measure out amount called for in recipe and use as directed.
title: Tangy Strawberry Punch instructions: Mix all ingredients in punch bowl and top with fruit slices and ice rings. Serve approximately 25.
title: Fresh Apple Cake instructions: Combine oil, sugar, eggs and vanilla in large mixing bowl. Sift flour, salt, baking soda and cinnamon and stir into oil/egg mixture. (Batter will be very stiff). Add apples and walnuts and mix. Bake at 350°. A tube pan takes 1 1/4 hours; or makes 5 small loaf pans, baked for about 30 minutes. Similar to fruit cake. Tastes best after it's been frozen or wrapped in foil or plastic wrap for a few days.
title: Christmas Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream margarine, sugar and egg in mixing bowl and beat for 3 minutes; blend in vanilla. Stir in flour mixture to make a stiff dough; wrap in wax paper and chill for 3 hours. Roll dough on a lightly floured board. Cut into desired shapes. Can sprinkle colored sugars on tops. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Lite Oriental Chicken instructions: Mix together 1/2 cup broth, soy sauce, sherry and cornstarch. Set aside; cut chicken into 1-inch cubes. Heat 3 tablespoons chicken broth in large pan or wok and brown chicken quickly. Remove from pan and keep warm. Add garlic, mushrooms and snow peas; stir 2 minutes until mushrooms are golden brown. Return chicken to pan and add water chestnuts and bamboo shoots. Pour well mixed sauce over all and cook 2 to 3 minutes until chicken is done and vegetables are crisp and tender.
title: Chocolate Scotcharoos instructions: Place syrup and sugar in large pan. Cook over medium heat until sugar is dissolved and mixture begins to boil. Remove from heat. Stir in peanut butter; mix well. Add Rice Crispy Cereal, stir until well mixed. Press mixture into greased 13 X 9 X 2 pan. Set aside. Melt chocolate and butterscotch chips in small saucepan over low heat stirring constantly. Spread over Rice Crispy mixture. Let stand till firm.
title: Corned Beef Salad instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in hot water. Stir in mayonnaise and let cool. Mix remaining ingredients. Refrigerate until set.
title: Delicious Baked Cabbage instructions: Salt and cook cabbage with very little water until tender; drain well. Grease a baking dish. Alternate a layer of cabbage, layer of cheese and a layer of White Sauce. Top with a layer of cheese and sprinkle with corn flake crumbs. Bake in a 350° oven until cheese is brown.
title: Kathy'S Pecan Pie Bars instructions: Combine flour and 3 tablespoons of brown sugar. Cut in 1/2 cup of butter for a coarse crumb consistency. Pat into an ungreased 11 x 7 pan. Bake at 375° for 20 minutes.
title: Jerri'S Baked Beans instructions: Mix all ingredients, laying strips of bacon on top. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Serves 8.
title: Soft Molasses Cookies instructions: Mix together sour cream and baking soda. Sift together last 5 ingredients. Mix all ingredients and drop onto greased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Rice Salad instructions: Prepare chicken-rice mixture according to package directions. Set aside. Mix reserved marinade, curry and mayonnaise. Add to rice with all other ingredients. Chill overnight. Serve on bed of lettuce with tomato garnish.
title: Glazed Pork Chops instructions: Marinate pork chops 2 hours, turning once. Grill.
title: Onion Corn On The Cob instructions: Combine dry onion soup mix, margarine and salt. Mix well. Spread each ear of corn with 1 tablespoon mixture. Wrap tightly in foil. Grill over hot coals for 30 to 35 minutes or until tender. Serve with additional margarine, if desired.
title: Chicken Pie instructions: Boil the chicken with onion and salt until done. Remove from bones and cut in bite size pieces. Place chicken in casserole dish. Pour soup and chicken broth over chicken. Mix flour, milk and 1 stick melted margarine and pour on top. Bake at 300° for 40 to 45 minutes or until brown.
title: Fancy Party Franks instructions: Combine the first 4 ingredients in a pan and heat until jelly is melted. Pour into a crock-pot. Add franks and slow cook until franks are heated. Add pineapple at serving time.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Beat with rotary beater and add 1 cup pecan halves. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Bake at 375° for 40 to 45 minutes or until set.
title: Easy Chicken Pot Pie instructions: Preheat oven to 425°. Spray 9 x 13-inch baking with cooking spray. Drain vegetables in colander. Mix cream of potato soup and cream of chicken soup in mixing bowl. Add chicken broth, pepper, vegetables and chicken pieces and mix well. Pour mixture into baking pan. In a mixing bowl, add Bisquick and milk and mix until combined (the mixture will still be a little lumpy). Pour the Bisquick mixture over the chicken. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Allow to cool for 5 minutes. Serves 6 to 8 people.
title: Pie Crust instructions: Can use a mixer to blend flour, salt and Crisco. Add egg, vinegar and water, mixing lightly with a fork. Pour on plastic wrap. Press dough to oblong shape and wrap and let stand a few minutes. Cut in 4 even shapes and roll out each one. Bake shells 10 to 15 minutes. Prick with fork before baking in a 425° oven. Makes 2 double crusts or 4 single.
title: Butterfinger Cake instructions: Mix the powdered sugar, melted butter, Cool Whip and egg yolks together. Place in a large bowl in layers the cake, filling and Butterfingers.
title: Smoked Oyster Ball instructions: Mix all ingredients and form into a ball. This mixture may have to be refrigerated for a few minutes to make it easier to handle. Roll ball in additional chopped pecans, then roll lightly in additional finely chopped parsley. Chill. Serve with assorted crackers.
title: Strawberry Refrigerator Sheet Cake instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in 3/4 cup boiling water. Add 1/2 cup cold water and set aside. Mix and bake cake as directed on box. When cake is done, let cool 20 to 25 minutes. Poke holes in cake (I use a large, 2-pronged fork that we use for barbecuing). Pour Jell-O slowly in holes. Put cake in refrigerator.
title: Microwave Mediterranean Cod instructions: In 1 1/2 quart casserole, cook onion, garlic and oil on High, covered, 4 to 4 1/2 minutes in microwave. Cut zucchini lengthwise in half, then crosswise in 1/4 inch slices. Add onion mixture with next 3 ingredients. Cook covered on High 10 minutes. Stir once. Add olives; cover and cook 5 to 7 minutes, until tender. Sprinkle fish steaks with oregano. Moisten 2 paper towels; place fish steak on each towel. Twist corners together. Cook on High 2 1/2 minutes, just until outer edges of fish are opaque. Serve sauce and fish on plate with garnish. Makes 2 main dishes.
title: Vinegar Pie instructions: Mix ingredients well. Pour into pie crust and bake at 300° for about 45 minutes.
title: Mexican Casserole instructions: Brown hamburger meat and chopped onion in pan. In 9 1/2 x 13-inch cake pan, pour 3 cans soup (no water), 1 small jar picante sauce, the meat and crushed chips. Mix well together. Bake at 300° for 1/2 hour. Shred cheese on top; melt in oven for 5 minutes. Serves 6.
title: Real Texas Chili instructions: Brown onion and garlic in bacon drippings; add meat and cook until gray. Add tomato sauce, water and spices. Bring to boil and then allow to simmer for at least an hour. When done, add little flour until desired thickness is reached. When ready to serve, add pinto beans (cooked) or black-eyed peas or hominy. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Congo Bars instructions: Cream margarine and sugar. Beat eggs and add and beat well. Add flour. Fold in nuts and chocolate chips. Bake in greased pan at 350° about 25 minutes. Cut into bars.
title: Oysters Rockefeller instructions: Place oysters on a shallow baking tray lined with rock salt. Melt butter in frypan. Add parsley, celery, onion and garlic. Add spinach and cook 1 minute more. Blend all in blender. Add bread crumbs, salt, pepper and sherry. Sprinkle with grated Gruyere after adding 1 tablespoon of sauce to each oyster. Bake at 450° for 4 to 5 minutes until oysters are heated through and sauce bubbles slightly.
title: Fresh Pear Cake instructions: Mix pears with sugar and nuts. Let stand 1 hour, stirring often. (Frozen pears may be used for fresh ones.) Add dry ingredients to pears; add oil, vanilla and egg. Mix by hand, mixture is very thick. Pour into tube pan and bake about 1 1/2 hours at 350°.
title: Italian Spaghetti Sauce instructions: Brown meat in butter in iron skillet. Add onions, garlic and pepper. Cook until slightly brown. Add tomato puree, catsup, 1/2 cup water, Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper. Simmer, covered, 1 1/2 hours.
title: Bill'S Chicken Salad instructions: Boil the chicken until completely tender (about an hour). Reserve about 1/4 cup of the broth. Remove the chicken from the pot and allow to cool completely, then skin, bone, and dice or chop very small. Mix ingredients well in a bowl that can be sealed airtight. Seal and refrigerate at least four hours for flavors to blend.
title: Favorite Meat Loaf instructions: Combine egg, onion, cracker crumbs, ground beef, salt and pepper in a mixing bowl. Combine tomato sauce, brown sugar, vinegar and mustard in small bowl. Add half of tomato mixture to ground beef mixture and blend thoroughly. Shape in loaf and make depression in top of meat loaf and pour sauce over top of meat loaf with ketchup.
title: Crescent Chicken Squares instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In medium bowl combine cream cheese and softened margarine, beat until smooth. Add chicken, onions, salt, pepper, milk and pimientos and mix well.
title: Corn Pudding Casserole instructions: Mix ingredients together. Pour into 3 quart casserole dish. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes.
title: Coke Cake instructions: Heat margarine, Coke and cocoa to boiling, pour over flour and sugar; mix. Then add sour milk, eggs, soda, vanilla and mini marshmallows (batter will be thin with marshmallows floating). Mix well. Bake in ungreased 9 x 13-inch pan for 35 minutes at 350°. Frost with Coke Frosting while hot.
title: Sweet And Sour Chicken instructions: Cut chicken into pieces. Stir together soup, honey and vinegar. Pour over chicken. Cover and bake one hour at 350°. Uncover last 10 minutes. Serve with rice or noodles.
title: Corn Relish instructions: In a 6 to 8-quart saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 15 minutes. Remove bay leaf. Fill 1/2 pint jars or pint jars. Process in water for 20 minutes.
title: Aunt Kathey'S Fudge instructions: Note: If you want chocolate peanut butter, add 4 tablespoons of cocoa.
title: Banana Bread instructions: Mix all together. Bake at 250° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Pasta, Sugar Peas, Asparagus And Parmesan instructions: Add asparagus to boiling salted water. Cook until tender. Transfer to bowl of cold water and cool this. Drain. Add pasta to the same water and boil until tender, but still firm. Add peas and boil 2 minutes. Add asparagus and heat. Drain well. Return pasta and veggies to pot and add oil. Toss to coat. Add 1/2 cup cheese. Season with salt and pepper.
title: Pecan Pie instructions: Pour in 8-inch crust and bake 40 to 50 minutes at 350° until set. Serve cold or warm.
title: Cranberry Nut Bread instructions: Put juice and rind (grated) of one orange in a cup; finish filling cup to 3/4 full with Wesson oil. Chop cranberries in half. Combine ingredients. Mix well. Place in a baking dish. Bake in oven at 325° for 1 hour.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Peel, quarter and cook; then mash potatoes. Chop 1 cup onions and 1 cup sweet pickles. Add all the ingredients to the potatoes and mix well.
title: Raisin-Filled Cookies instructions: Cream sugar and shortening. Add eggs and beat well. Sift flour, baking powder and soda together. Add flour mixture alternately with milk and vanilla. Drop 1 teaspoon dough on cookie sheet. Dip bottom of teaspoon in flour; use this to make a hole in top of cookie. Place 1 teaspoon filling in hole. Bake in hot oven about 400°. This cookie can be frosted, if desired. Quick and easy! Yum.
title: Pennsylvania Dutch Hot Salad Or Dandelion Dressing instructions: Mix eggs slightly. Add sugar and vinegar. Mix with some water; add remaining water. Mix again slightly. Cook over low burner so it does not curdle. If it should curdle, beat. You can use 3 eggs or two eggs and then thicken with flour or cornstarch, 1 tablespoon to an egg.
title: Cheddar Cheese And Olive Balls instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. Allow cheese to soften to room temperature. Combine cheese, butter and paprika. Mix well into flour by hand until pieces of cheese disappear and mixture is smooth and deep yellow in color. Cover and allow to stand at room temperature 15 minutes. Pinch off small pieces of dough (about 1 teaspoon) and flatten in palm of hand to a circle about 1 1/2-inches in diameter. Place well drained olive in center of dough, bringing edges together to cover olive completely. Roll gently between palms of hands. Place on ungreased cookie sheet; chill 10 minutes in refrigerator. Cook 20 to 25 minutes or until brown.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Cook potatoes until tender (with skins on) the day before. Peel as soon as cooked. Refrigerate. Heat 1/4 cup butter and soup, sour cream, onion and cheese. Grate cold potatoes and add to mixture. Place in buttered casserole (at least 2 1/2 quarts). Mix crushed cornflakes in melted butter and sprinkle on top. Bake about 45 minutes at 325° to 350°. Serves at least 10 average servings.
title: Whole Wheat Pancakes instructions: Stir together dry ingredients with a whisk. Beat the eggs slightly and combine with the milk, then add to the dry ingredients. Stir in oil. Heat the pan (nonstick), but do not grease it. Pour batter into the pan by large spoonful. Cook over medium heat, turning once when bubbles come to the surface and pop and the edges are slightly dry. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Chicken Cutlets With Julienned Vegetables instructions: Steam carrots and leeks in large saucepan. Transfer to serving platter and keep warm in oven. Meanwhile, heat oil in 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle both sides of cutlets with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and saute until fully cooked (about 1 1/2 minutes per side). Arrange chicken on top of vegetables and return to oven. Add thyme and shallots to skillet; cook 2 minutes. Pour in broth and vinegar. Bring to boil and boil 5 minutes, stirring and scraping up browned bits on bottom of pan. Pour sauce over chicken. Serve with new potatoes. Makes 4 servings.
title: Southern Nut Torte With Ice Cream instructions: Combine vanilla, sugar, Ritz crackers, eggs and 1 cup crushed nuts. Pour into a well-greased (Pam okay) pie plate and bake at 350° for 25 minutes. Top will be crisp and dry.
title: Chicken-Cheese Enchiladas instructions: In small bowl, combine soup and milk; set aside. In medium bowl, combine chicken, salsa, chilies, chili powder and 2 tablespoons of soup mixture.
title: Peanut Brittle instructions: Mix sugar, syrup, water and peanuts in 2-quart saucepan. Boil at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes until golden brown. Stir in wax; stir in baking soda. Pour out on well-greased cookie sheet and spread thin. Break into pieces when cool.
title: Broccoli With Oil And Lemon instructions: Heat 1 inch water (salted if desired) to boiling. Add broccoli. Heat to boiling; reduce heat. Cover and cook 12 to 15 minutes or just until stems are tender; drain. Mix remaining ingredients; pour over broccoli. Makes 6 servings.
title: Black Magic Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together thoroughly. Batter will be thin. Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes.
title: Golden Grahams S'Mores instructions: Grease rectangle 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Heat syrup, margarine and morsels to boiling, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla.
title: Chili instructions: Combine chopped ingredients; combine with at least a half cup of water in cooking vessel or pot. Let cook over very low heat until tender. Brown the ground beef and add all other ingredients listed in the pot with the vegetables and browned beef. Add enough water for a desired consistency. Let simmer over very low heat for at least 45 minutes to one hour. Makes a serving for at least 6.
title: Seafood Linguini instructions: In a 10-inch skillet, cook mushrooms and shallots in butter, uncovered, over medium-high heat for 4 to 5 minutes, or until vegetables are tender, but not brown. Remove with slotted spoon; set aside. Stir wine, tomato paste, tarragon, salt and pepper into butter in skillet. Bring to boil; boil vigorously for 10 minutes, or until mixture is reduced to 1/2 cup.
title: Caramel Popcorn Balls instructions: Measure popped corn into large bowl. Combine sugars, cornsyrup, water, vinegar and salt in 2 - quart sauce pan. Heat to boiling over milium - high heat, stirring frequently. Cook stirring constantly, to 260 degrees on candy thermometer (or until small amount of mixture dropped into very cold water forms a hard ball). Reduce heat to low stir in butter until melted. Pour syrup in thin stream over corn in bowl, stirring until corn is well coated. Cool slightly. Butter hands; shape mixture into 3 - inch balls and place on waxed paper. Yields approximately 16 balls.
title: Nancy'S Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Preheat oven to 350°. Cream the margarine, oil, sugars, egg and vanilla. Mix flour, soda and salt and add to creamed mixture. Fold in the oatmeal, chocolate chips, Rice Krispies and pecans. Drop by rounded teaspoonful on greased cookie sheet. Cook for 10 minutes at 350°. Makes 10 dozen.
title: Gingersnaps instructions: Cream shortening, add sugar and mix thoroughly. Add egg and molasses; mix. Add dry ingredients and mix thoroughly. Chill dough. Roll in small balls. Roll in sugar. Bake on greased cookie sheet at 350°. They crack open nicely.
title: Baked Italian Chicken instructions: You will also need bags (zipper lot).
title: Best Punch instructions: Mix ingredients together. Chill and serve over crushed ice.
title: Italian Ice instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender. Blend until smooth and pour into plastic container. Freeze for several hours or overnight before serving.
title: Plum Cake instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 300° for 1 hour.
title: Orange Slice Cookies instructions: Mix well. Drop by teaspoons onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 10 to 12 minutes.
title: Rice Broccoli And Cheese Casserole instructions: Mix together, pour into glass baking dish, top with bread crumbs and pats of butter. Bake in 350° oven for 30 minutes.
title: Spinach Dip instructions: Combine all ingredients. Mix well and chill.
title: Crab Meat-Bacon Rolls instructions: Mix tomato juice and egg. Add crumbs, seasonings, parsley, celery leaves and crab meat. Mix and roll into finger lengths. Wrap each roll with 1/2 slice bacon. Fasten with toothpick. Broil, turning to brown evenly. Makes 2 dozen.
title: Pizza Burgers instructions: Cook ground beef in large skillet until meat is brown. Add onions and cook for 1 more minute. Add pizza sauce and cheese to cooked hamburger. Cook 2 minutes or until hot.
title: Cream Cheese Pound Cake instructions: Blend together butter and sugar until fluffy. Add cream cheese and mix lightly. Add flour and mix well. Add eggs and vanilla and mix about 1 minute. Pour into nice size Bundt pan and bake for 1 hour and 5 minutes at 350°.
title: Green Pepper Steak instructions: With a very sharp knife, cut beef across grain into thin strips, 1/8-inch thick. Combine soy sauce, garlic and ginger. Add beef. Toss and set aside while preparing vegetables. Heat oil in large frying pan or wok. Add beef and toss over high heat until browned. Cover and simmer for 40 to 60 minutes over low heat.
title: Chocolate Chip Cookies instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Mix thoroughly the shortening, butter, sugars, eggs and vanilla. Stir in remaining ingredients. (For a softer, rounder cookie, add 1/2 cup flour.) Drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until light brown. Cool slightly before removing from baking sheet. Do not overcook. Cookies will be done even though they may look undercooked.
title: Aunty Ann'S Vegetable Chowder instructions: In a five-quart Dutch oven, heat 3 tablespoons of corn oil. Add onion, celery and garlic and saute for five minutes. Add 1 cup chopped tomatoes and the carrots and cook for five minutes. Add vegetable broth, can of whole tomatoes (chopped), cabbage, salt and pepper and simmer for 1 hour or until vegetables are tender. Add zucchini and cook 10 minutes. Add kidney beans and corn and heat.
title: Broccoli And Spaghetti instructions: Separate broccoli florets and trim tough skins from stalks; cut up. Bring to a boil the water and salt. Add broccoli. Cook 5 to 8 minutes. Add spaghetti, cut in halves. Cook until both are al dente. Drain. Heat olive oil in a pan. Add garlic and brown. Pour mixture over cooked spaghetti and broccoli. Add pepper and cheese. Serve with salad and crusty bread.
title: Barbecue Sauce For Chicken instructions: Simmer in heavy skillet for 45 minutes. Pour sauce over cut-up chicken and cook slow in oven uncovered for 2 to 3 hours.
title: Macaroons instructions: Mix coconut, sugar, flour and salt in large bowl. Stir in egg whites and almond extract. Drop by teaspoonfuls on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 325° for 20 minutes.
title: Banana-Nut Raisin Bread instructions: Cream butter; gradually add sugar, beating well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add bananas, mixing until smooth. Combine flour, baking powder, soda and salt. Add to creamed mixture, stirring just enough to moisten. Stir in chopped pecans and raisins.
title: Baked Pineapple instructions: Place drained pineapple in greased casserole dish. Mix remaining ingredients and place over pineapple. Top with dots of butter and crushed Ritz crackers. Bake at 400° for 20 minutes.
title: Fruit Cocktail Cake instructions: Beat sugar, oil and eggs together. Then add flour, salt, soda and fruit cocktail with its juice. Pour into a 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake at 350° for 40 minutes. You can add 1/2 cup coconut, if you like. Top with Fruit Cocktail Icing.
title: Grandma'S Best Dill Pickles instructions: Wash cucumbers and pack into jars. To each quart, add 1/2 teaspoon mustard seed, 1/2 teaspoon celery seed, 1 bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon pickling spice and 1 large piece of dill. Bring the water, salt and vinegar to the boiling point; fill cucumber filled jars with this syrup, at once. Seal at once. Can be used after 1 week's standing.
title: Milk Chocolate Frosting instructions: Melt butter in medium saucepan. Stir in cocoa until combined. Add sugar, milk and vanilla. Stir until smooth. Spread on cooled cake and let set until firm.
title: Corn Bread instructions: Mix all dry ingredients in a medium size bowl. Add buttermilk until mixture is thick and drops off of a spoon in a clump. Grease a 6-inch cast-iron skillet and preheat in a 450° oven. When skillet is hot, pour cornbread mixture into skillet. Bake until brown.
title: Chicken Spectacular instructions: Boil chicken and cut up. Put rice in 2 1/2 c. plus 2 tablespoons of boiling chicken broth. Add onion to rice and cook for 5 minutes. Stir several times while cooking. Add all ingredients to rice. Bake for 40 minutes at 350 in a long casserole dish. Don't cover.
title: Corn Pudding instructions: Drain corn and mix with flour. Add sugar, salt and melted butter. In a separate bowl, combine milk and egg. Stir into corn and pour the mixture into greased baking dish. Bake at 350° for 1 hour. Stir 3 times during baking to keep corn from settling to the bottom. Yields 6 to 8 servings.
title: Silly Toast instructions: Mix 1 teaspoon milk, 1 teaspoon flavoring and 2 drops of food coloring in a small paper cup (bathroom size). Any flavoring can be used and any color food coloring can be used. Make 3 or 4 different colors for child to use. Give child 1 piece of bread and then let them paint silly faces on bread with a paint brush. Wipe paint brush on a paper towel before changing colors. Then toast bread as usual. This takes a little time; but our children are "worth it". Butter toast and sprinkle on sugar or dip honey on top when toasted.
title: Kalte Ente(Cold Duck)   instructions: Sprinkle sugar over lemon slices. Press lemon slices with back of spoon to release flavor. Stir in orange liqueur. Chill. Stir in wine; pour over ice in punch bowl. Add club soda; stir lightly to blend. Makes 18 (4 1/2 ounce) servings.
title: Calcutta Chicken instructions: Combine all ingredients and let stand several minutes to allow spices to mingle.
title: Graham Cracker Cookies instructions: Cover bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan with graham crackers. Mix margarine, sugar, egg and milk; boil for 2 minutes. Remove from heat; add vanilla, coconut, nuts and graham cracker crumbs. Mix well. Pour over crackers in pan. Top filling with graham crackers; press lightly. Cover with icing.
title: Decorating Icing instructions: Mix Crisco, sugar and water together. Add flavorings and continue to mix until smooth.
title: Corn Muffins instructions: Combine all dry ingredients. Combine milk, egg and oil. Add to dry ingredients; stir quickly. Fill greased muffin pans 2/3 full. Bake at 425° for 12 to 15 minutes.
title: 5 Pound Cake instructions: Mix first 2 ingredients together. Add eggs, one at a time. Then add vanilla and food coloring. Beat with mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Alternate flour and milk until mixed thoroughly. Bake in a 350° oven in 3 round 8-inch pans for 30 minutes.
title: Snowball Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together and chill.
title: Broccoli Salad instructions: Blend all of the above ingredients together. Mix one cup of mayonnaise, 1/2 cup of sugar and 2 Tbsp. of white vinegar; and pour over broccoli mixture.
title: Bonnie Butter Cake instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Grease and flour oblong pan, 13 x 9 x 2-inch, or two 9-inch or three 8-inch round layer pans.
title: Gingerbread Cake instructions: Mix all dry ingredients, cream sugar, shortening, add molasses, blend all together.Pour into greased 13 x 9 inch pan, bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until center springs back. Cool in pan, cut into squares.
title: Cherry Delight instructions: Spread pie filling in 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan. Sprinkle cake mix from box over cherries. Drizzle melted oleo over top. Sprinkle nuts over top. Bake in 350° oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Serve warm or cool with whipped cream.
title: Spice Cake instructions: Cream together the shortening and sugar. Add molasses gradually, beating well. Add vanilla. Beat egg yolks and add to first mixture. Sift together the flour, baking powder, soda, salt and spice. Add alternately with milk to cream mixture. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Bake in two greased 8-inch layer pans in 375° oven for 35 minutes.
title: Mexican Casserole instructions: Cook spices, onion and hamburger meat together until well browned; drain and add corn, Spanish rice and beans. Mix well and place in casserole dish with cover. Heat in a 350° oven just until cheese is melted thoroughly. Stir melted cheese into mixture well, then add remaining shredded cheese on top, covering fully. Heat again until mixture has cheese melted thoroughly on top. Serve with Mexican-style corn chips. This can be frozen for future meals.
title: Hungarian Goulash instructions: Heat oil in large pan. Add beef cubes, brown them on all sides, stirring every couple of minutes. Add 1 onion, chopped. Continue browning meat-onion mixture for a minute or so. Sprinkle flour on mix, stirring constantly, adding water slowly to prevent clumping of flour. Season with salt, pepper and paprika. Sauce should be spicy. Simmer slowly for 1 hour stirring occasionally. Serve over cooked noodles or rice with a salad. (To ensure tender meat, cover pot during simmering.)
title: Giant Chocolate Chippers instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Line cookie sheets with foil. In large bowl, beat sugar, brown sugar and margarine until light and fluffy. Add oil, egg and vanilla. Beat well. Lightly spoon flour into measuring cup. Level off and add flour, baking soda, cream of tartar and salt. Stir in oats, coconut, cereal and chocolate chips. Press scant cup of dough into a 6-inch circle on foil-lined cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining dough, placing cookies at least 2 1/2 inches apart. Bake at 350° for 18 to 22 minutes, or until light and golden brown. Cool completely on cookie sheets to prevent breaking. Makes 8 large cookies, 32 servings.
title: Amaretto Cheesecake instructions: Press Graham Cracker Crust mixture firmly on bottom and 1/2-inch up the sides of a 9-inch spring-form pan. Beat cream cheese at high speed of an electric mixer until light and fluffy; gradually add 1 cup sugar, beating well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in 1/3 cup Amaretto; pour mixture into prepared pan. Bake at 375° for 45 to 50 minutes or until mixture is set.
title: One Bowl Chocolate Fudge instructions: Microwave chocolate and milk in a large microwavable bowl on High for 2 or 3 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring halfway through heating time. Stir until chocolate is melted. Stir in vanilla and walnuts. Spread in a waxed paper lined 8-inch pan. Refrigerate until firm. Cut into squares. Yields 4 dozen pieces.
title: Black Walnut Pound Cake instructions: Cream margarine and Crisco; add sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well. Add flavoring and beat well. Mix 1/4 cup of flour with nuts. Sift remaining flour with baking powder and add this alternately with milk, starting with flour and ending with flour. Fold nuts into batter. Do not beat. Bake in greased and floured tube pan for 1 hour and 20 minutes or until done in a 325° oven.
title: Cheesy Macaroni instructions: Boil macaroni as directed on box. When tender, drain. On low heat, add milk, butter and American cheese. When cheese is melted remove from heat and serve. Mozzarella is optional.
title: Caramel Fudge Cake Squares instructions: Use a 9 x 13-inch pan. Pour 2 cups of batter into a greased pan. Bake for 15 minutes in a heavy saucepan. Over low heat, melt caramels and margarine with Eagle Brand milk, stirring until smooth. Spread evenly over cake. Spread remaining cake batter over caramel mixture. Top with nuts. Bake at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes or longer. Cut into squares.
title: Chocolate-Cherry Cake instructions: Mix cake mix and bake in Bundt pan. Let cool and slice in 2 layers. Spread 1/2 Cool Whip on bottom layer and 1/2 jar pie filling on this. Lay top layer of cake on this. Spread with remaining Cool Whip and top with remaining pie filling.
title: Chewy Raisin Walnut Shortbread Bars instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Lightly grease an 8-inch square pan. Combine flour and sugar. Using pastry blender or fork, cut in butter until mixture resembles fine meal. Press into greased pan. Bake for 20 minutes or just until edges are lightly golden. Meanwhile, combine eggs, brown sugar and vanilla; beat well. Stir in baking soda, walnuts, raisins and coconut. Spoon over hot crust; spread to cover evenly. Return to oven; bake an additional 20 to 25 minutes or until top is set. Cool completely. Cut into 20 bars.
title: Fried Corn instructions: Mix all ingredients except egg into skillet. Cook until liquid is nearly all gone. Stir in beaten egg and stir corn until it is thick. Serve hot.
title: Cypress Walker Cake instructions: Mix cake mix, oil, 1/2 cup chopped pecans and eggs together and then pour into ungreased 13 x 9-inch cake pan. Mix rest of ingredients together and pour onto first layer. Bake at 300° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Beef Roast And Noodles instructions: Trim excess fat from meat; reserve trimmings. Coat meat with flour. In a 4 1/2-quart Dutch oven, heat trimmings until about 2 tablespoons of fat accumulate. Discard trimmings. Brown meat on both sides in hot fat. Add bouillon granules and 1 1/4 cups hot water. Sprinkle with garlic powder. Add bay leaves. Place onions atop and around meat. Cover; bake in 325° oven for 1 1/2 hours. Remove bay leaves; discard. Stir together catsup, brown sugar and lemon juice. Pour over meat. Sprinkle with raisins. Cover; continue baking 30 to 45 minutes more or until meat is tender. Serve with hot cooked noodles. Serves 8 to 10.
title: Porcupine Meat Balls instructions: Combine meat and other ingredients (except last) in a bowl and make into small balls. Then after put into pot with tomato sauce poured over them. Cook slow about 1 hour.
title: Baked Tortellini With Eggplant And Potato instructions: Preheat oven to 375° (150° C). Sprinkle eggplant with salt and leave to drain over the sink in a colander or strainer. Boil tortellini and when cooked, drain and place in a shallow ovenproof dish.
title: Macaroni And Cheese instructions: Combine first 10 ingredients: stir well and spoon into a 2 qt. casserole coated with cooking spray. Combine bread crumbs and next 2 ingredients: stir well. Sprinkle over casserole. Cover and bake at 350 degrees for 30 min. Uncover: bake 5 min. or until set. Yield: 6 servings (1 cup each).
title: Pumpkin Chiffon Cake instructions: Sift dry ingredients into bowl. Separate eggs and egg whites in large mixing bowl. In small bowl, blend egg yolks, pumpkin, oil and water. Make well in center of dry ingredients and add liquid mixture all at once, beat at medium speed for 1 minute. Beat egg whites until foamy. Add cream of tartar and beat until stiff. Pour pumpkin batter gradually over beaten egg whites and fold in until blended.	Pour into greased tube pan and bake at 325° for 55 minutes, 15 to 20 minutes in 350° oven. Cool. Frost is desired.
title: Corn Stuffed Peppers instructions: Cut thin slice from stem end of each pepper. Remove seeds and membranes. Rinse. Cook peppers in enough boiling water to cover 5 minutes. Drain. Season inside peppers with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Set aside.
title: Watergate Salad instructions: In large bowl, combine pineapple and dry pudding mix. Stir in whipped topping, marshmallows and nuts. Mix well. Spread into flat dish. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Serves 6.
title: Papa Lander'S Easy Pancakes instructions: This is a very sweet way to start your morning.
title: Bagels-N-Dip instructions: Mix sour cream and cream cheese until desired consistency. Blend in Italian seasoning and chill. Serves approximately 20 people.
title: Fluffy Pink Salad instructions: Mix all ingredients together and chill.
title: Daddy'S Deer And Potatoes instructions: Brown meat in 2 tablespoons oil for 10 to 20 minutes. In a large pot, mix all other ingredients together. Pour brown meat in with all other ingredients. Cook until the potatoes are done.
title: Grilled Salmon With Salsa instructions: Grill salmon 4 to 6 inches from hot coals, after brushing with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Turn one time and cook 6 to 8 minutes on each side, or until fish flakes. Serve with salsa sauce. (If steaks are large, cut in half.) For sauce: Mix the vegetables and seasonings with 1/4 cup of olive oil. Place 1/3 of the mixture in blender or food processor and blend 1 minute. Stir the blended mixture into the remaining chopped vegetables. Serves 4.
title: Old-Fashioned Sugar Cookies instructions: Cream butter or margarine. Beat in 1 cup of sugar, egg and vanilla. Sift flour, baking powder and salt together. Add to butter mixture. Mix well. Cover and refrigerate 3 to 4 hours or until dough is firm.
title: Coconut Snowballs instructions: Prepare chocolate cake batter as directed. Spoon into 18 greased or paper-lined muffin cups. Bake 20 minutes. Cool completely on wire racks.
title: Cheese Cake instructions: Mix cinnamon, 1/2 cup sugar and butter. Add crumbs; save 1/2 cup to sprinkle over top. Press remainder into a 9-inch spring-form pan, lining the bottom and side. Beat eggs with remaining 1 cup sugar. Add salt, lemon juice, cheese and flour. Beat thoroughly. Pour into pan. Add nuts and crumbs. Bake at 350° for 1 hour.
title: Jack'S Good Tastin' Pinto Beans And Ground Meat instructions: Drain water from beans that soaked overnight. In a large saucepan, combine water, salt pork, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Add beans, tomatoes, onions, bell peppers, garlic and celery. Cook on medium heat, adding water as needed, until beans are tender or until placing a cooked bean in a spoon and checking tenderness by smashing in the spoon. Beans are done when they smash with little pressure. Measure a cup of the liquid from the pot. Add flour to the liquid and mix well. Return this mixture to the pot and cook an additional 10 to 20 minutes. This method will bring all the flavors together. If desired, brown ground meat in skillet and add to beans. Wow How Good.
title: Easy Fruit Cobbler instructions: Melt butter in 8-inch square pan. Mix sugar, flour and milk by hand. Pour batter over melted butter. Pour fruit into middle of batter in pan. Bake at 350° until brown on top. Serve warm with ice cream. Double this amount to make 9 x 13-inch pan.
title: Rice Casserole instructions: Saute onion, mushrooms and celery in 1/2 stick butter until onion and celery are done. Put all ingredients in covered casserole and bake for about 1 hour at 400°.
title: Vegetable Dip instructions: Blend mayonnaise and cream cheese; add egg white. Add remaining ingredients and blend until well mixed. Put in serving dish and sprinkle egg yolk on top.
title: Quick Meat Pie instructions: Brown the hamburger in a skillet. Remove from heat and stir in the deviled ham, cheese and soup. Break up the frozen corn so that the kernels are separated, and add to meat mixture. Stir in onion and olives. Place all in a deep casserole and top with the biscuits.
title: Ginger Ale Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in hot water. Add ginger ale and chill. When slightly thickened, add fruits and nuts. Chill until firm.
title: Christmas Rainbow Cake instructions: Prepare cake mix as directed on package, baking in 2 well-greased and floured 9-inch layer pans at 350° for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pans 15 minutes. Poke with fork at 1/2-inch intervals. Do not remove from pans.
title: Apple Butter instructions: Pulp is the by-product of jelly. Combine pulp, 1/2 cup sugar and spices in saucepan until sugar is dissolved. Put 3 cloves in each pint jar. Add apple butter; process for 20 minutes. Good on ice cream, too! Makes 1 pint.
title: Caramel Candy instructions: Stir first three ingredients plus 1/2 cup whipping cream constantly in large pan until it boils. Add the other 1/2 cup whipping cream and keep stirring on medium heat. Boil until a few drops in cup of cold water form firm ball. Remove from burner. Add vanilla and pour into buttered Pyrex pie plate. When almost cool, cut into pieces.
title: Sweet Potato Casserole instructions: Beat and bake 20 minutes at 350°.
title: Yeast Rolls instructions: You will need 1 large pan or pot (about 5 or 6-quart size).
title: Mexican Style Chicken Kiev instructions: Pound chicken pieces to about 1/4-inch thickness. Put chiles and Jack cheese strip in center of each chicken piece. Roll up and tuck ends under. Combine bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, chili powder, salt, cumin and pepper. Dip each stuffed chicken in shallow bowl of 6 teaspoons melted butter and roll in crumb mixture. Place chicken, seam side down in 9 x 13-inch baking dish and drizzle with a little melted butter. Cover and chill 4 hours or overnight. Bake uncovered at 400°, 20 minutes, or until done. Serve with tomato sauce, if desired. Makes 8 servings.
title: Monster Cookies instructions: Combine and mix butter, sugar, brown sugar and eggs. Add remaining ingredients; mix well. Divide into 4 equal parts. Raisins, M&M's, chocolate chips and peanut butter chips can be added to each part. Mix each part and bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Chicken Tarragon En Croutte instructions: Combine butter, lemon juice and spices in a small bowl; set aside. Separate dough into 2 rectangles; press with fingers to seal seams. Form 6 x 4-inch rectangles.
title: Francese Sauce instructions: Put white wine in saucepan. Squeeze lemon and reduce volume to half its original size. Swirl in 1/2 pound softened butter to make an emulsion. If it separates, remove from heat and stir to re-emulsify, or add cold chicken stock. If too loose, roll small pieces of butter in flour and stir until sauce is desired thickness. Use as a sauce on chicken or fish. Top with parsley and sliced blanched mushrooms.
title: Rice And Broccoli Casserole instructions: Boil broccoli; cook rice and put in casserole. Saute onions in oleo and pour on rice; put Cheez Whiz on top. Pour cream of mushroom soup on top and bake in medium oven, 350°.
title: Pecan Pie Squares instructions: Heat oven to 350°. Grease 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-inch pan. Mix flour, sugar, margarine and salt together. Mixture will be dry and crumbly. Press firmly into pan. Bake for 20 minutes.
title: Sunday Best Pancakes instructions: Combine and beat until smooth. Bake 1/4 cup batter for each pancake in a nonstick skillet. Serves 3.
title: Mexican Layered Dip instructions: Place beans in pie pan or casserole dish; add a layer of lettuce, tomatoes, onion, olives, taco sauce, sour cream and top with cheese. Serve with nachos or large tortilla chips.
title: Pescado En Salsa Verde(Fish In Green Sauce)   instructions: Sprinkle fish with salt, then dip the steaks in 1/2 cup of flour; shake to remove the excess. In a heavy skillet, heat the olive oil. Add the fish and cook for about 4 minutes on each side. Transfer oil to a heavy skillet. Cover fish steaks in the pan to keep them warm while you prepare the sauce. Heat the oil again and add the onion. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until soft and transparent, but not brown. Stir 2 tablespoons of flour; mix thoroughly and pour in the water and wine. Cook over high heat, stirring constantly, until sauce comes to a boil and thickens lightly. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 3 minutes.
title: Chocolate Icing instructions: Mix sugar, cocoa, salt and milk in that order. Cook until almost hard ball stage. Remove from heat and add butter and vanilla. Beat until consistency of icing.
title: Tuna Burgers instructions: Mix together soup, tuna, pepper and onion. Butter hamburger buns. Place mixture on buns. Bake at 400° for 5 minutes.
title: Baked Hash Browns instructions: Let potatoes thaw and break apart. Mix potatoes with undiluted soup, cheese, sour cream and melted margarine. Bake in a 9 x 13-inch baking dish for 1 hour at 375°.
title: Harvest Corn instructions: Mix ingredients. Top with grated Cheddar cheese; sprinkle cheese with paprika (for color). Bake at 375° until golden brown, about 30 minutes.
title: Shrimp Topping For Fish instructions: Combine 2 tablespoons oil and flour with whisk in small skillet; cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until light brown. Set aside.
title: Easy Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: At low speed, mix. Cover and chill for 3 hours (a must). Cook at 350° for 6 to 8 minutes. Makes 60 cookies.
title: Zucchini Quiche instructions: Saute zucchini in margarine with onion until tender. Mix egg, 1/2 of cheese and spices in bowl. Add zucchini and onion to egg mixture. Spread crescent rolls (raw) in pie pan to make crust. Pour egg and vegetable mixture over crust. Top with remaining cheese. Bake at 350° until golden brown, approximately 20 minutes.
title: Apple-Nut Cake instructions: Measure all but last 2 ingredients into large bowl. Mix on low speed of mixer, scraping sides of bowl. Fold in apples and chopped nuts. Spread batter in greased, floured 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake 60 to 65 minutes or until toothpick in center comes out clean in a 350° oven. Cool 10 minutes.
title: Rice Pilaf instructions: Saute rice and vermicelli until golden brown. Add chicken broth and bring to full boil. Reduce to simmer and add other ingredients and spices. Stir well and cover on low for 20 to 25 minutes.
title: Homemade Thousand Island Dressing instructions: Combine all ingredients well and refrigerate.
title: Pineapple Salad instructions: *Mix as directed, omit vanilla.
title: Apple Crisp instructions: Slice apples into a greased 9 x 9-inch pan. Mix flour, sugar and baking powder. Stir egg into dry mixture, until it forms beads. Pour over apples. Melt margarine with cinnamon and pour over top. Bake at 350° about 1/2 hour or until brown on top. My grandkid's favorite.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Mix potatoes, eggs, relish, onion and celery seed in large bowl. Boil vinegar, sugar, water, margarine and mustard in a small pan. Add flour and milk mixture. Stir continuously until mixture boils again. Remove from heat and pour over potato mixture; stir well.
title: Peewee Cookies instructions: Mix well the first 5 ingredients, then add the remaining ingredients. Drop small spoonfuls of dough on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350° for 12 minutes.
title: Romaine And Cucumber Salad instructions: Slice cucumber in half lengthwise. Scoop out seed and pulp. Cut into thin slice. In a salad bowl, combine lettuce and cucumber and set aside. In a small bowl, mix other ingredients. Pour over vegetable. Toss lightly.
title: Best Ever Cucumber Sweet Pickles instructions: Slice, strip, chunk, halve or crinkle cut; whichever you want. Pack quart jars fairly tight. To each jar, add 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon alum. Fill jar with cider vinegar to cover. Apply tops. No need to sterilize. Just be new and clean. That's the easy part! Now, put away for 5 to 6 months, even a year. The curing process doesn't take that long actually. They are ready when rusty green. To make off: Turn jars upside down in sink (top removed) to drain. Drain 5 to 6 hours or longer. Invert jars; fill with sugar (right out of the bag) as much as jar will hold. Apply tops and shake, shake, shake until sugar dissolves. You will need to do this approximately 3 times until enough syrup to completely cover cucumbers. When this is accomplished, add per quart, 1 teaspoon celery seed and 1 teaspoon whole allspice. Apply tops and shake, shake. That's it. Let sit a few days. Simply delicious.
title: Sour Cream Cornbread instructions: Bake at 425° for 30 minutes or until done.
title: Naida'S Barbecue Meat Loaf instructions: Shape like large donut on microwave or glass dish. Spread barbecue sauce on top. Cover with wax paper. Bake in microwave on Medium-high for 15 minutes or in regular oven for approximately 1 hour, covered with foil.
title: Chocolate Peanut Supreme instructions: In a bowl, combine peanut butter and butter. Stir in cracker crumbs and sugar; mix well. Press into greased 13 x 9 x 2 inch dish. Prepare pudding with milk according to package directions; spoon over crust. Spread with whipped topping; sprinkle with peanuts. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or until set. Refrigerate leftovers.
title: Elephant Stew instructions: Cut up elephant in bite size pieces. This should take about 4 months. The medium sized elephant should feed approximately 3,800 people. Cover with water; cook at 465° for 4 weeks. Add salt and pepper. If more guests are expected, you may add the rabbits, but only if necessary, as most people do not like to find hare in their elephant stew.
title: Honey Butter instructions: Combine all ingredients, blending well. Store in airtight container in refrigerator. Excellent served on hot homemade bread or rolls.
title: Pizza Meat Loaf instructions: Mix everything together, except for cheese. Put 1/3 of meat mixture in bottom of pan (pan that you normally use for a meat loaf). Spread half of the cheese over it. Add 1/3 more of meat mixture, rest of cheese and remaining 1/3 of meat mixture. Bake at 350° for 1 hour (cover, if you wish). For an interesting top, spread some catsup, more grated cheese, and some small pieces of bacon over the top during the last 20 minutes of cooking, uncovered.
title: Indian Bread(Ideal When Camping Out.)   instructions: Mix dry ingredients together. Add water to make a workable, sticky dough. Pull off just enough to make about 1/2 handful. Stretch and pull, then drop into hot grease and fry until golden brown (about 3 minutes). Repeat until dough is used up. Drain well.
title: Ladyfingers instructions: Combine in bowl, margarine, vanilla, salt, sugar and flour. Mix well. Add pecans and mix again. Form into small finger shapes or crescent shapes.
title: Jello Magic Milkshakes instructions: Place all ingredients in a large pitcher with a tight-fitting lid. Cover. Shake vigorously 1 minute or until well blended. Pour into 4 glasses and serve immediately.
title: Summer Fruit Drink instructions: Put all ingredients into blender; mix until slurpy.
title: Oatmeal Raisin Cookies instructions: In large mixing bowl, combine oil, margarine, water, egg and vanilla. Beat at medium speed of mixer until well blended. Add sugar, oats, flour, coconut, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Beat at low speed until soft dough forms; stir in raisins and nuts. Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls, 2-inches apart, on lightly greased cookie sheets. Bake 8 to 10 minutes at 350°.
title: Mom'S Angel Biscuits instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water. Sift dry ingredients. Cut in shortening. Add yeast mixture and buttermilk. Knead a few times in a little flour. Put in refrigerator. Take out about 20 minutes before baking for best results. Bake at 450° for approximately 10 minutes or until golden brown.
title: Potato Salad instructions: Cook potatoes in jackets until fork tender; peel and cut into small pieces. Add salt, pepper, celery, onion, sweet pickles, pickle juice, Italian dressing and eggs while warm. Toss lightly and chill. Combine mustard with mayonnaise and mix carefully with potato mixture. Chill. Makes 8 servings, containing about 100 calories each.
title: Bran Muffins instructions: Preheat oven to 400°.	Combine first five ingredients; set aside. Mix bran with milk until moistened; let stand five minutes. Add egg and oil, beat	until blended; add flour mixture, stirring,	do not overmix. Fill greased 2 1/2-inch muffin pan cups 2/3 full. Bake about 20 minutes. Makes 12 to 14 muffins.
title: Blueberry Pie instructions: Fold together cool whip, condensed milk and lemon juice. Add blueberries. Mix well with spatula. Pour into pie shells. Chill in refrigerator overnight.
title: Cavatini instructions: Brown sausage and drain. Add mushrooms and cook. Add Ragu. Cook and drain macaroni. Layer in order, macaroni first; add meat mixture and top with cheese. Cover with pepperoni and cover with foil and bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Oatmeal Cake instructions: Boil water and add oatmeal. Cream together the rest of the ingredients. Add cooked oatmeal to this mixture. Bake at 350° in a greased and floured pan.
title: Brownies instructions: Mix sugar and butter together until light and fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla. Mix until smooth. Sift dry ingredients together. Stir in nuts. Bake in greased 8 x 8-inch pan at 350° for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in pan. Cut into squares or bars. Sprinkle with powdered sugar if desired. Makes 16 squares.
title: Aunt Ethel'S Old Fashioned Chicken And Dumplings instructions: Stir flour, eggs and oil together. Then add a little ice water at a time, until mixture forms a ball. Sprinkle ball with flour for easy handling and divide into 3 balls. Roll each ball out on well-floured board, real thin. Cut into 2-inch squares and drop in simmering broth where chicken was cooked. Should have at least 2 quarts of broth. Repeat with each ball, rolling thin, cutting into squares and dropping in broth. Stir well and simmer about 10 minutes. Add cut-up chicken. If broth seems too thin, thicken with a little flour dissolved in water.
title: Fruit Salad instructions: Combine the first 4 ingredients. Add the bananas at the last minute. Mix all together.
title: Banana Split Salad instructions: Combine Cool Whip and condensed milk in bowl, beating well. Fold in remaining ingredients. Chill in refrigerator until serving time.
title: Bagna Cauda (Italy) instructions: Heat oil and butter in double boiler. In another pan, cook garlic in a little oil until soft. Add anchovy fillets and cook until the fish dissolves into a paste, about 5 minutes. Add all to the pan of hot oil and butter.
title: Impossible Taco Pie instructions: Heat oven to 400°. Grease 10-inch quiche plate or 10-inch pie pan. Cook and stir beef and onion over medium heat until beef is brown; drain. Stir in seasoning mix. Spread in baking dish. Sprinkle with chilies. Beat eggs, milk and Bisquick until smooth. Pour over meat. Bake 25 minutes. Top with tomatoes; sprinkle with cheese. Bake until knife inserted comes out clean, 8 to 10 minutes more. Serves 4 to 6.
title: Taco Soup instructions: Combine all ingredients into a large pot. Simmer until done. Garnish with tortilla chips, sour cream, shredded cheese and/or chopped olives.
title: Broccoli Souffle instructions: Separate eggs. Beat egg yolks. In saucepan, melt butter over low heat; stir in flour. Add milk. Cook over moderate heat. Stir constantly until thickened and bubbly. Remove from heat. Stirring vigorously, gradually add beaten egg yolks. Mix in salt, pepper and broccoli. Beat egg whites until peaked. Fold in broccoli mixture. Turn into ungreased 2-quart souffle dish. Bake at 325° for 45 minutes.
title: Dinner Rolls instructions: Combine milk, shortening, sugar and salt. Cool to lukewarm by adding water. Add yeast, mix well. Blend in eggs. Add flour and mix until dough is well blended. Place in greased bowl and cover. Store in refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Shape dough on well floured board. Let rise in warm place (80 to 85°) until light, about 1 1/2 hours. Bake in hot oven (400°) about 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Jello Salad instructions: Combine dried jello in Cool Whip. Add pineapple, oranges and cottage cheese. Chill.
title: Friccadilla(Danish Meat Patties)   instructions: Mix above ingredients thoroughly and whip until fluffy. Let stand several hours or overnight. Form balls. Fry in deep layer of real lard.
title: Dishpan Cookies instructions: Beat the first 5 ingredients until very smooth. Add the remaining ingredients; mix thoroughly. Roll in balls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Flatten slightly with glass. Bake at 350° for 8 to 10 minutes.
title: Pineapple Beets instructions: In a saucepan, combine brown sugar, cornstarch and salt. Add pineapple and bring to a boil, stirring constantly until thick, about 2 minutes. Add beets, butter and lemon juice. Cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Yield: 4 servings.
title: Cowboy Beans instructions: Saute beef and onions until brown. Combine the rest of the ingredients with beef. Put in a 2-quart casserole dish. Bake at 400 degrees for 30 minutes. Serves 8 to 10 people.
title: Odell And Cindy'S Ice Cream instructions: Combine all ingredients and fill freezer with milk if the ingredients do not come up to the line in your freezer. Real good!
title: Chicken Casserole instructions: Boil chicken until tender; debone. Arrange meat in bottom of greased 9 x 13 x 2-inch greased baking pan. Save 2 cups broth. Mix broth with soup; bring to boil. Pour over chicken. Mix remaining ingredients and pour over chicken. Bake at 425° for 30 minutes. Serves 3 to 4.
title: Russian Quaaludes instructions: Mix in shaker with ice to chill. Gives you 7 shot-size drinks.
title: Cherry Delight(Quick And Easy)   instructions: Mix Cool Whip, marshmallows and pie filling. Spread over crust. Refrigerate overnight. Sprinkle with graham cracker crumbs and garnish with Cool Whip.
title: Crab Casserole instructions: In double boiler, melt butter. Stir in flour, nutmeg, paprika, salt, sherry, cream and herbs. Add crabmeat and stir until thickened. Add mushrooms. Divide into individual oven plates (4). Sprinkle grated cheese over each. Place under broiler until cheese melts and mixture bubbles.	Serve over rice or Chinese noodles.
title: Kool-Aid Punch instructions: Add water and sugar called for on Kool-Aid package; add pineapple juice and mix well. Chill and serve.
title: Easy Chicken Cacciatore instructions: Sprinkle seasoned salt over chicken; brown. Combine remaining ingredients, breaking up tomatoes. Pour over chicken, cover and simmer for 40 minutes. Serve over hot cooked spaghetti.
title: 60 Minute Southern Rolls instructions: Set aside 1 cup flour. In bowl mix remaining flour, sugar, salt, soda and yeast. Heat buttermilk, water and margarine to 125° to 130°. Stir into dry ingredient mixture. Mix in enough reserved flour to make soft dough. Knead 3 minutes. Press evenly in greased 9 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Dust top with flour. With sharp knife, score dough into 16 rolls; cover. Let rise 20 minutes, then bake 20 to 25 minutes in a 350° oven. Remove from oven and break into rolls. Serve warm.
title: Mom'S Chocolate Frosting instructions: Stir together. Cook 1 minute. Bring to boil. Keep stirring. Stir in cool water. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla.
title: Mom'S Rivel Soup instructions: Mix with fork to make very small rivels (pea size). Chop a small onion into meat broth. Cook rivels 20 minutes in broth or until done.
title: Almond-Deviled Eggs instructions: Slice eggs in half lengthwise. Remove yolks and whites. Set aside.
title: Popcorn Balls instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients in a pan. Cook over medium heat until a little of the mixture forms a ball when dropped in cold water (265°) on candy thermometer. Remove from heat. Stir in soda, butter and vanilla. Pour over popcorn. Mix well. Wet hands and shape mixture into balls. Makes about 1 1/2 dozen 3-inch balls.
title: Quick Dessert instructions: Slice cake to fit into 13 x 9-inch cake pan. Mix pudding according to directions on package. Spoon over cake. Add your choice of fruit. Cover with Cool Whip. Refrigerate.
title: Strawberry Congealed Salad instructions: Combine pineapple and gelatin. Cook until dissolved. Cool. Add nuts and buttermilk. Fold in Cool Whip. Chill 2 hours before serving.
title: Pink Lemonade Pops instructions: Pour into large pitcher and mix together. Pour mixture into 7 paper cups. Freeze about 1 hour or until the mixture is thick and slushy. Place a wooden stick in the center of each pop. Freeze about 7 hours longer or until pops are solid. Peel the paper cups from the frozen pops before eating.
title: Pizza Type Fruit Tart instructions: Heat oven to 300°. Beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Blend in flour. Press mixture onto bottom and sides of 12-inch pizza pan. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool completely.
title: Crispy Cut-Outs instructions: Melt margarine in a large saucepan over low heat. Add marshmallows; stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Add Rice Krispies. (May add mini chocolate chips, M&M's, caramel, ice cream topping, etc.) Press mixture into a pan coated with cooking spray. Layer about 1/2-inch thick. When cool, cut into your favorite shapes with cookie cutter; decorate if you like.
title: Barbecue Beef Burger instructions: Cook slowly in thick saucepan 45 minutes to 1 hour. Makes 6 to 7 sandwiches.
title: Instant Hot Chocolate instructions: Mix in large container (I use a Tupperware bucket with lid on tightly). Put 3 to 4 heaping teaspoonfuls in cup and add hot water. Store dry mix in tightly covered container and use as needed.
title: Strawberry Angel Dessert instructions: Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Add cold water and chill until slightly thickened. Slice strawberries and sprinkle with a little sugar if using fresh. Blend whipped topping into gelatin, then fold in cake cubes and strawberries. Spoon into 13 x 9-inch pan. Chill until firm.
title: Turkey Stuffing instructions: Fry sausage until crumbly. Add onion and celery. Cook until golden and tender, about 10 minutes. Add to bread crumbs. Season and add remaining ingredients. Moisten with chicken stock if too dry.
title: Cheerios Nuggets instructions: Heat oven to 250° and grease 2 cookie sheets. Mix cereal and peanuts. Heat brown sugar, margarine, corn syrup and salt in pan until bubbly around edges. Stir 2 minutes longer. Remove from heat and stir in soda. Pour over cereal and spread in pans. Bake 15 minutes. Cool 10 minutes. Loosen mixture. Let stand until firm, then break into bite size pieces.
title: Orange Salad instructions: Mix jello and hot water. Add crushed pineapple (drained), sugar, mandarin oranges (drained) and frozen orange juice. Mix all together and let mixture set well. When set, beat together vanilla pudding mix and milk. Add 1 cup Cool Whip and spread on top of congealed salad.
title: Outdoor Pizza Burgers instructions: Combine first	7 ingredients and dash of pepper. Shape into 8 oval patties. Broil over medium coals for 10 minutes. Turn. Top each with cheese and tomatoes. Broil 5 minutes or until desired doneness. Serve on toasted French bread slices.
title: The Chewy Brownie Cookie instructions: Heat oven to 375°. Combine Crisco, light brown sugar, water and vanilla in a large mixing bowl. Beat at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended.
title: Barbecue Sauce For Burgers instructions: Use your microwave to saute the vegetables right in the serving dish. In one-quart casserole combine first five ingredients listed until vegetables are tender; about 4 minutes. Then stir in rest of the ingredients. Microwave 3 or 4 minutes, stirring once. Then serve over your burgers, pork chops, chicken, etc. Makes 3 cups.
title: Broccoli Casserole instructions: Cook broccoli and spread with cheese. Crush crackers and mix in with melted butter. Spread over broccoli. Bake at 350° for 20 minutes.
title: Zucchini Bread instructions: Beat eggs. Add sugar and oil. Beat together well. Stir in remaining ingredients. Pour into 2 greased loaf pans. Bake at 350° for 60 minutes. Makes 2 loaves.
title: "E-Z Cream Puffs"(No Cooking!)   instructions: Cut each cookie in half with steak knife. Follow directions on back, but use largest Cool Whip, cream cheese and crushed pineapple. In an hour, you will have dozens of cream puffs, which will soften as they sit in the refrigerator. Arrange on a platter. Add some fresh fruit for garnish/color and sit back and enjoy the rave reviews!
title: Peanut Butter Cookies instructions: Sift dry ingredients together. Cream margarine and peanut butter; beat until light and fluffy. Add sugar substitutes and egg and beat well. Add dry ingredients and mix into creamed mixture and mix well. Drop by teaspoons onto lightly greased cookie sheet, flatten with tines of fork dipped in flour. Bake in preheated oven at 375° for 8 to 10 minutes. Yield: 20 cookies. Carbohydrate 2.7 g, protein 1.3 g, fat 3.0 g, calories 41. One cookie = 1/4 bread exchange, 1/2 fat lean meat exchange.
title: Golden Nut Crunch(Snack)   instructions: Heat oven to 300°. Mix nuts and butter in medium bowl until well coated. Add rest of ingredients except cereal. Spread in ungreased jelly roll pan, 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-inch. Bake, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Stir in cereal. Cool. Store in airtight container. Yields 6 1/2 cups snack.
title: Raspberry Punch instructions: Combine punch, concentrated lemonade and 7-Up in bowl; mix well. Pour in punch bowl. Add sherbet at serving time. Yields 30 servings.
title: Cereal Mix instructions: Mix together and store in airtight containers. Serving size: 1 cup.
title: Popcorn Cake instructions: Heat oleo and oil; add marshmallows and stir until melted. Pour mixture over popcorn, candy and nuts. Mix together; pack in buttered angle food pan.
title: Creamy Baked Cheesecake instructions: Preheat oven to 300°. Combine oleo, cracker crumbs and sugar. Press firmly on bottom of 9-inch spring-form pan. In large mixing bowl, beat cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in condensed milk until smooth. Add eggs and ReaLemon; mix well. Pour into prepared pan. Bake 50 to 55 minutes or until set; top with sour cream. Bake 5 minutes longer. Cool and chill. Garnish with your favorite topping. Refrigerate leftovers.
title: Easy Chicken Barbecue instructions: Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Put in frying pan. Mix Coca-Cola, catsup and mustard; pour over chicken. Cover and simmer 45 minutes or 1 hour before removing cover, to let sauce thicken.
title: Frozen Pickles instructions: Pour over cucumbers, put on lids and cold pack for 5 minutes, after water comes to a boil.
title: Punch instructions: Mix all together and chill. Makes 1 1/2 gallons.
title: Fresh Apple Cake No. 2 instructions: Mix all ingredients, adding apples and nuts last. Mixture will be thick. Pour into Bundt pan. Bake 1 hour at 350°. Powdered sugar glaze is optional.
title: Best-Ever Chicken Soup instructions: While chicken is cooking, cut up fresh vegetables into small pieces. If using broth from Swanson's canned broth, then you can place veggies and spices in immediately. Be sure to have chicken in very small pieces, also. Put noodles in and simmer for 1 hour.
title: Brownie Cake instructions: Sift together sugar and flour. Bring to a boil the oleo, cocoa and water. Add milk, soda and vanilla. Add to flour mixture. Add eggs and beat. Bake in greased and floured jelly roll pan (16 x 11 x 1 1/2-inch) at 400° for 20 minutes. While still hot, spread on icing.
title: Cucumbers 'N Sour Cream instructions: Mix together sour cream, sugar, lemon juice, salt, sesame seed and pepper. Add cucumbers and onion. Chill for 20 minutes before serving.
title: Peanut Butter Pie instructions: Beat cream cheese until soft. Combine milk and Cool Whip, then mix together with peanut butter, powdered sugar and cream cheese. Pour into pie shell; freeze.
title: Barbecued Trout instructions: Place trout in a single layer in a plastic bag or glass baking dish. Combine the soy sauce, ketchup, lemon juice, oil and rosemary. Pour into bag or dish. Cover (or close bag) and let stand for 1 hour, turning once. Remove fish, reserving marinade. Place fish in a single layer in a well-greased hinged wire grill basket. Grill, covered, over medium coals for 8 to 10 minutes or until fish is browned on the bottom. Turn and baste with marinade. Grill 5 to 7 minutes longer or until fish flakes easily with a fork. Serve with lemon, if desired. Yields 6 servings.
title: Guacamole Dip instructions: Combine ingredients. Add to taste salt, garlic, pepper, 1/2 lime or lemon juice, vinegar or oil to give creamier texture. Mix everything together, taste and then add a touch of Tabasco sauce if you like it a little hotter.
title: Better Than Sex Cake instructions: Cook cake according to directions on box. Heat pineapple and sugar until boiling. Spread pineapple and sugar on cake while still hot. Let cool. Fix pudding according to directions on box and spread on cake. Spread Cool Whip on pudding. Sprinkle chopped nuts on cake. Keep refrigerated.
title: Chicken Enchilada instructions: Mix chicken, cream cheese, milk and onion. Place 1/3 cup in each flour tortilla and roll. Place seam side down in greased baking dish. Mix together sour cream, soup and drained chilies and pour over enchiladas. Cover with foil. Bake 35 minutes at 350°. Top with Cheddar and Monterey cheese. Bake, uncovered, until melted.
title: Lite Reuben Sandwich instructions: In large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray, brown and saute onion. Spread with mustard and place on sprayed cooking sheet. Place ham on each bread slice, then spoon on sauerkraut. Top with slice of cheese and spoon on onions. Put in 350° oven to get it hot. Then run under broiler.
title: Salami instructions: Mix and wrap in Saran Wrap. Refrigerate 24 hours. Remove wrap. Form into 2 rolls, about 2 inches in diameter. Bake on broiler rack at 300° for 1 hour. Freezes well.
title: Ice Cream Social instructions: You will need 250 paper bowls, 250 napkins and 250 plastic spoons.
title: Copper Pennies (Carrots) instructions: Heat vinegar, sugar and oil. Cook carrots in salted water 8 to 10 minutes. Combine with onions and pepper. Stir remaining ingredients into bowl over carrots. Marinate overnight. Drain as needed. Will keep several weeks.
title: Florida Milk Sherbet(Grandmother Newman'S)   instructions: Heat milk and sugar to near boiling. Cool and place in freezer until partially frozen. Remove from freezer and add juices. Stir and place in freezer again until firm. Serves 4. Ingredients can be doubled to serve 8.
title: Cocktail Sauce instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Let stand for 2 to 3 hours. Very good with fresh, cooked crab.
title: Never Fail Divinity instructions: Combine sugar, water and salt. Bring to a rolling boil. Boil for 2 minutes. Place marshmallow cream in a large bowl and pour hot syrup all at once into it. Stir until candy loses its gloss. Add nuts. Drop by spoonfuls onto waxed paper.
title: Fruit Squares instructions: Cream margarine, sugar and add vanilla. Add eggs. Stir in flour and add nuts. Mix well. Spread 3/4 of batter in a greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Cover with pie filling and add rest of batter. Bake at 350° for 50 minutes. When cool, sprinkle with powdered sugar.
title: Carrot Cake #1 instructions: Mix flour, sugar, soda, cinnamon and salt. Add carrots, oil, eggs and vanilla. Mix well. Add pineapple, coconut and walnuts. Makes 9 inch square pan (for 9 x 13, double recipe). Bake in preheated oven at 350° for 40 to 45 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Cool.
title: Banana Pudding instructions: Mix sugar, flour and salt together in a saucepan. Slowly add milk, stirring until smooth. Heat to a full boil over medium high heat. Reduce heat to low and continue. Beat egg yolks in bowl. Add a little of the mixture to the yolks; stir. Add yolks to milk mixture gradually. Continue to cook for 5 minutes more. Remove from heat and add vanilla.
title: Baked Beans And Pineapple instructions: Saute onions in oil. Mix ingredients according to order given; bake, uncovered, at 350° for 1 1/2 hours.
title: Apricot-Dijon Mustard Chicken instructions: Bring chicken to a boil in a medium saucepan; stir in couscous. Cover; remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. Remove couscous to a serving platter; set aside and keep warm. Combine apricot nectar and mustard in a large skillet; bring to a boil. Add chicken; cover. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes or until done. Remove chicken from skillet, reserving liquid from skillet. Place chicken on top of reserved couscous; set aside and keep warm. Bring liquid to a boil; cook, uncovered, 10 minutes. Spoon sauce over chicken; sprinkle with minced basil. Garnish if desired. Serves 6.
title: Chocolate-Covered Cherry Cookies instructions: Heat oven to 350° (moderate). Mix butter, sugar, vanilla and chocolate thoroughly. Measure flour by dipping method or by sifting. Blend in flour and salt. If dry, add 1 to 2 tablespoons cream. Wrap level tablespoonful of dough around well drained maraschino cherry. Place 1-inch apart on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 12 to 15 minutes. Cool.
title: Candied Garden Carrots instructions: Cook carrots in 1/2-inch water with 1/2 teaspoon salt added until just tender. Drain. In a small skillet, melt butter. Add brown sugar and stir until dissolved. Add carrots and cook over low heat, turning until well glazed. Makes 8 servings.
title: Cranberry Salad instructions: Combine cranberries with sugar and let stand 2 hours. Add marshmallows to whipped cream and let stand 2 hours. Combine all and chill. Add nuts if desired.
title: Braunschweiger Dip instructions: Mash meat and sour cream together. Stir in steak sauce and pickles. Beat until smooth and light. Chill. Serve with assorted crackers. Makes 2 cups.
title: Pork Chops instructions: Brown pork chops in deep skillet. Chop onion and add to chops in pan, then stewed tomatoes and rest of ingredients. Cover and simmer 30 minutes until done.
title: Potato Casserole instructions: Mix the ingredients and pour into casserole dish.
title: Double Layer Pumpkin Pie instructions: Mix cream cheese, sugar and 1 tablespoon milk with wire whisk until smooth. Gently stir in whipped topping. Spread on bottom of pie shell. Pour 1 cup milk in bowl; add pudding mix. Beat with wire whisk until well blended, 1 to 2 minutes, then let stand 3 minutes. Stir in pumpkin and spices and mix well. Spread over cream cheese layer. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Chill for 2 hours. Garnish with whipped topping.
title: Christmas Punch instructions: Mix together all ingredients, except ginger ale. Just before serving, add ginger ale.
title: Chocolate Coffee Spoons instructions: In a small dish, melt chocolate in the microwave. Dip spoon into melted chocolate, filling bowl of spoon. Place spoon on a cookie sheet lined with plastic wrap. Repeat with remaining spoons. Chill until set. Re-dip spoons to coat underside. Stand spoons up in a glass to keep bottom coating from smearing. Chill until set. Wrap the bowl of the spoon with plastic wrap and tie with a ribbon. Used to stir hot coffee or cocoa. Makes a great gift with Hot Chocolate recipe (above).
title: Peanut Butter Popcorn instructions: Mix together; heat until peanut butter is melted. Pour over popcorn.
title: Coconut Chess Pies(2 Pies)   instructions: Beat eggs. Add other ingredients. Pour into pie shells. Bake at 400° for 10 minutes and at 375° for 25 minutes.
title: Caramel Brownies instructions: Mix dry ingredients and stir into beaten eggs, melted butter and vanilla. Bake for 30 minutes at 350° in greased 8 x 8 pan. Cool; cut into small squares and roll in powdered sugar.
title: Strawberry Salad instructions: Dissolve gelatin in hot water; cool. Add 7-Up, strawberries, pineapple and nuts. Chill until firm.
title: Lefsa instructions: Boil water and margarine. Add everything else. Spread in a cake pan; cool. Take 1/3 of the mixture and mix with 1 1/4 cups of flour. Form into a log. Cut into 16 pieces; roll out thin. Cook on a hot griddle until lightly brown on both sides. Store in a damp towel. Refrigerate or freeze.
title: Easy Fruit Kuchen instructions: Pour fruit with juice in bottom of 9 x 13-inch pan. (If fruit is in larger pieces, slice them smaller.) Sprinkle cake mix over fruit and juice. Put chopped nuts on top of dry cake mix. Drizzle melted margarine on top. Bake at 350° until brown and bubbly (20 to 30 minutes). Serve hot or cold with ice cream or whipped cream.
title: Special "K" Cookies instructions: Combine sugar and syrup in pan and heat to boiling. Add peanut butter, vanilla and cereal. Mix thoroughly. Drop by teaspoon onto wax paper.
title: Mixed Greens instructions: Saute bacon and onion in pot. Add dissolved bouillon cube, liquid, pepper flakes, salt and pepper. Let simmer for 10 minutes. Add greens. Cook until greens are tender on low heat, from 1/2 hour to 3/4 hour (30 minutes to 45 minutes).
title: Baklava (Greek Pastry) instructions: In saucepan, melt butter; set aside. In bowl, mix sugar, cinnamon, cloves and pecans; set aside. In large 13 x 9-inch pan, layer filo (3 or 4 sheets) and brush with butter. Sprinkle with pecan mixture. Layer more filo brushed with butter, pecan mixture, etc., ending with filo. Cut into 4-inch square and cut 4-inch squares into 2-inch triangles. Bake at 375° until golden brown. Cool.
title: Cabbage Patch Stew instructions: In slow cooker, combine all ingredients, except peas. Simmer for 7 to 8 hours on medium heat. Add peas; simmer for 30 minutes. Makes 6 servings.
title: Chocolate Zucchini Cake instructions: Combine flour, cocoa, baking powder, soda, salt and cinnamon; set aside. Beat together oleo, eggs and sugar until blended. (Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each.) Stir in vanilla and zucchini. Add dry ingredients alternately with milk, including nuts, with last addition. Pour into greased and floured 10-inch tube or Bundt pan or 9 x 13-inch pan. Bake about 1 hour at 350°. Glaze with confectioners icing.
title: Depression Casserole instructions: In a saucepan, saute onion in oil until tender. Stir in ketchup, water, vinegar, mustard and pepper. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Place franks in a 1-quart baking dish. Pour sauce over. Bake, uncovered, at 375° for 30 minutes. Serve over toast points or rice. Yields 5 servings.
title: Crunchy Asparagus(Serves 4)   instructions: Place asparagus and water in 1-quart casserole; cover. Microwave at High 4 1/2 to 5 1/2 minutes, or until asparagus is hot, stirring after half the cooking time to break apart. Drain. Cover and set aside. In small bowl or 1 cup measure, combine lemon juice, Tabasco sauce and seasonings. Pour mixture over asparagus. Toss to coat. Sprinkle with sunflower seeds. Garnish with lemon slices if desired.
title: Mexican Chicken instructions: Cut up chicken; place in a 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Blend milk, enchilada sauce and soup; pour over chicken. Bake at 400° for 1 hour.
title: Evelyn'S Favorite Watermelon Pickles instructions: Trim off the green and pink parts of the rind and cut into cubes. When you have 3 1/2 quarts prepared, cover with water and cook until just tender, about 20 minutes. Add alum to the water and let stand overnight. (If the weather is extremely hot and humid, keep the pan in the refrigerator.)
title: Macaroni Salad instructions: Add ingredients to chilled macaroni.
title: Rum Cake instructions: Preheat oven to 325°. Grease and flour Bundt pan. In bottom of pan, sprinkle 1/2 cup of chopped pecans. Mix ingredients together and pour into Bundt pan. Bake 1 hour. Remove from oven and while still hot, pour rum glaze over it. Leave cake in pan for at least 30 minutes to allow glaze to soak in.
title: Chocolate Chip Pizza instructions: Add together 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup oatmeal, 2 teaspoons baking soda and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
title: Sausage Cheese Muffins instructions: Cook sausage; drain. Combine soup, milk, sage and sausage. Stir in biscuit mix. Fill greased muffin cups. Bake at 400° for 15 to 20 minutes.
title: Barbecue Sauce instructions: Saute onion and garlic in oil. Add remaining ingredients and simmer 20 minutes. Yields 1 cup.
title: Candied Sweet Potatoes instructions: Cut potatoes into large chunks and put into greased casserole. Mix rest of ingredients, except marshmallows, and pour over potatoes. Bake for 35 minutes at 325°; top with marshmallows to cover and bake for 5 minutes more.
title: Quick And Easy Biscuits instructions: Combine and mix well flour, cream of tartar, baking powder and salt. Combine oil and milk. Stir into the flour mixture until it forms a ball and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Form into biscuits and place on baking sheet. Bake at 425° for about 10 minutes or until lightly browned.
title: Banana Split Pie instructions: Combine one stick of melted margarine and the crushed graham crackers in a 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix margarine and sugar with electric mixer for 15 minutes until fluffed and spread over graham cracker crust. Chill for 30 minutes.
title: Cheesy Oven Fried Fish instructions: Preheat oven to 450°. Cut fish in serving size pieces. Spray a nonstick cookie pan with cooking spray.
title: Tuna Casserole instructions: About 1 hour before dinner, cook the noodles according to the package directions, adding the minced onions. Drain. Add the butter. In a bowl, combine the tomatoes, garlic salt, salt, pepper and parsley. In an 8-inch square baking dish, place half of the noodles, half of the tuna, half of the cheese and pour half of the tomato mixture over the layers. Repeat the layers, ending with the tomato mixture. Bake, uncovered, at 350° for 40 minutes. Serves 4.
title: Tuna Casserole instructions: Prepare dinner as directed, using 3/4 cup milk. Saute onion and green pepper in margarine. Add to prepared dinner with remaining ingredients. Pour in 1 1/2-quart casserole. Cover top with bread crumbs (optional). Bake at 350° for 30 minutes.
title: Edible Dirt instructions: Crush Oreo cookies in blender. Cream together butter, cream cheese and powdered sugar. In a separate bowl, combine pudding mix, milk and Cool Whip. Blend two mixtures. Layer the crushed cookies, then creamed mixture, ending with cookies.
title: Beef Casserole instructions: Brown hamburger meat and drain. Mix other ingredients; put in oblong dish. Bake at 325° for 40 minutes.
title: Apple Cake instructions: Cream sugar and eggs. Add oil and sifted dry ingredients. Blend in sliced apples and raisins. Pour into greased and floured 10 x 15-inch pan. Bake at 350° for approximately 50 minutes.
title: Sesame Green Beans instructions: Place beans in a saucepan and cover with water; bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, for 8 to 10 minutes or until crisp-tender. Meanwhile, in a skillet, saute the sesame seeds and garlic in oil. Drain beans; stir into garlic mixture. Season with salt. Makes 6 servings.
title: Creamy Baked Chicken Breasts instructions: Arrange chicken in a greased 13 x 9-inch baking dish. Top with cheese slices. Combine soup and wine. Spoon evenly over chicken. Sprinkle with stuffing mix. Drizzle with margarine. Bake at 350° for 45 to 55 minutes.
title: Angel Food Cake And Jello instructions: Dissolve Jell-O in hot water and stir in cold water. Chill until almost firm. Stir until fluffy. Blend in cream, marshmallows, pineapple, nuts and cherries. Break 1/2 an angel food cake into bite size pieces. Arrange in a 9 x 4-inch cake pan. Cover with part of Jell-O. Break up remainder of cake and repeat layers. Chill overnight and cut into squares.
title: Grated Corn Bread instructions: Cut corn from cob and scrape cob or grate corn. Mix flour, salt and baking powder. Add grated corn and bacon drippings. Add enough milk to make a good batter. Mix well and pour into a greased iron skillet (hot). Bake at 425° until golden brown. Good with cow butter.
title: Diabetic Oatmeal Cookies instructions: Cream the butter. Add beaten eggs, sweetener and milk. Sift and mix dry ingredients and add to first mixture. Beat in vanilla, raisins and oats. Drop by teaspoon onto greased cookie sheet. Bake at 375° for 15 minutes.
title: Zippy Buttered Potatoes(Microwave)   instructions: Scrub potatoes. Microwave butter in dish 1/2 to 1 minute on High or until melted. Blend garlic salt, paprika and cheese. Quarter potatoes lengthwise; dip cut edges in butter mixture. Arrange cut side down in dish. Cover with paper towels. Microwave 10 to 12 minutes on High or until potatoes are tender, rearranging once or twice.
title: Pheasant instructions: Flour bird lightly. Salt and pepper. Slice 1/2 stick butter. Cover with thin layer of onions. Arrange pheasant on onions, then cover pheasant with a thin layer of onions and remaining butter. Add 1/2 cup water. Bake at 250° for 4 hours. Recipe may be used for quail or other small birds. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: California Stew instructions: Chop and mix cabbage, onion, pepper and carrots. Mix in remaining ingredients together and pour over the slaw mixture. Refrigerate and stir occasionally, until time to serve. The longer the slaw is in the fridge, the better it tastes!
title: Easy Spaghetti Bake instructions: Preheat oven to 375°. In large skillet, brown meat; pour off fat. Add onion, cook and stir until tender. Stir in remaining ingredients, except spaghetti and cheese. Simmer 10 minutes. Stir in cooked spaghetti. Turn into greased 2-quart shallow baking dish, 12 x 7-inches. Bake 20 minutes and top with cheese. Bake 5 minutes longer. Refrigerate leftovers.
title: Cornish Hens With Duck Sauce instructions: Bake hens at 350° for 45 minutes.
title: Parsley, Ham And Pasta Salad instructions: Prepare macaroni according to package directions. Drain. Add ham strips, celery and green onion. Blend together mayonnaise and vinegar; stir in parsley, cheese, garlic, salt and pepper. Toss dressing with macaroni mixture. Cover; refrigerate 1 to 2 hours to blend flavors. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
title: Sinful Salad instructions: Combine gelatin and boiling water, stirring until completely dissolved. Cool. Add fruits and nuts; stir to combine. Pour half of the gelatin mixture into an 8 x 12-inch pan. Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Keep remaining gelatin at room temperature. Spread sour cream evenly over set gelatin. Pour remaining gelatin over this. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 1 1/2 hours or overnight.
title: Raspberry Jello Salad instructions: Dissolve jello in boiling water. Stir in frozen fruit, bananas and pineapple. Take half the mixture and place in mold or 8 x 11-inch pan and let set. Spread sour cream over set mixture. Pour remaining mixture over that and let set again.
title: Baby Food Spice Pound Cake instructions: Mix together the flour, nuts, sugar, salt, soda, ground cloves and cinnamon. Stir in the oil, eggs and baby fruit. Do not beat. Bake in greased Bundt pan at 325° for about 1 hour. Let cool in pan 10 minutes. Invert on plate.
title: No-Peek Stew instructions: Place all ingredients in a Dutch oven and cover. Bake at 250° for 5 hours or use a crock-pot. Do not peek! Makes 6 servings.
title: Tacorino Dip instructions: Blend all ingredients by hand. Chill and serve with snack crackers, tortilla chips or Fritos.
title: Black Walnut Cake instructions: Cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating thoroughly after each addition. Sift dry ingredients together. Add alternately with milk and vanilla, beating after each addition. Fold in nuts, then stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour into greased and floured 10-inch tube pan or Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 60 minutes or until done. Remove from pan to wire rack and drizzle glaze over hot cake.
